"x"
"@Cognac_Cork Same!!! I barely take tylenol so I would hate having to take something to fight pain"
"one taught me pain... "
"@SebastianDanzig I want to like this but it feels inappropriate to \"like\" Seb's pain Ì†ΩÌ∏Ö"
"Losing a sibling and not being able to watch your children interact w them is a whole different type of pain..."
"@Lauriloth You're the furthest ahead of all my NaNo buddies and that is incredibly impressive!  Also, I know the pa‚Ä¶ "
"This week in Twitter:   Weird flex, but ok Beto v. Cruz  thank u, next  Texas sucks  One taught me love, one taught‚Ä¶ "
"In conclusion, go to the hospital when you have organ pain, kids. "
"The worst part of holding the memories is not the pain. It‚Äôs the loneliness of it. Memories need to be shared."
"If TMJ pain has become unbearable, it may be time for surgery. In a recent study, having any of these four surgerie‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain "
"One taught me pain                        One taught me pain One taught me pain And one taught me pain "
"One taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain R.I.P 84 #ThankUNext #USC "
"Steady hustlin til this pain turn to blue faces"
"@Suialii Squirtle looks like its in serious pain"
"All that I know of the alien treatment is pain, and that is their intention, they think that I must absorb as much‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love one taught me patience and one taught me pain  Thank u, nexxxxxxxt"
"One taught me love, one taught patience and one taught me pain"
"Pain Points! Blocking Criminal Behavior ‚Äì MATRIX AI NETWORK ‚Äì Medium Ì†ΩÌ¥ó "
"She taught me love, she taught me patience. She handles pain; that shits amazing."
"beegod Bed Pillows 2 Pack Better Sleeping, Super Soft &amp; Comfortable Antibacterial &amp; Anti-mite, Best Hotel Pillows,‚Ä¶ "
"Afraid of heart ache and pain dats y as mi think mi ago love.. mi jus get up and cut"
"@WardrobeDWNLD @HandmadeHour Thanks so much! I was pretty shocked when I saw the stats I have to say! Ì†ΩÌ∏Ç I always tr‚Ä¶ "
"for real tho like: the love club - obv its about love Pure heroine patience bc it made us wait for 4 years until me‚Ä¶ "
"Client Testimonial  ‚ÄúI had a serious shoulder problem and couldn‚Äôt raise my arm. Through careful monitoring and enc‚Ä¶ "
"@thehypes is your pain ranging from up down and sideways"
"Pain is a championship?Ì†æÌ¥î "
"I came out the womb trying to sell the doctors pain killers "
"the antidepressant I take is also a treatment for osteoarthritis... yet the biggest side effect it causes for me is‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love, One taught me patience, One taught me pain "
"@tweetoftheBeast A tilt a whirl ride that plays it's a small world, that gets distorted as time goes on. The scener‚Ä¶ "
"What would you do, if you discovered your husband had a second family? What if he was gay? A conman? How about a mo‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love,  one taught me patience,  one taught me pain "
"@WidowyBlack shed, was actually quite appealing. The idea of being secluded in his room was tempting yet he knew be‚Ä¶ "
"Don‚Äôt wish the annoying pain of wisdom teeth coming through on my worst enemy"
"why is pain even a thing?????"
"I keep putting myself through the same pain.Ì†ΩÌ∏î"
"i‚Äôm in so much pain "
"Wow imagine literally feeling pain, really hurting, because you have to see some PoC on your screen. I cannot fatho‚Ä¶ "
"\"You did some things to me. Boy, you do some things to me. But love is deeper than your pain and I believe you can‚Ä¶ "
"chronic pain. it sickens me. fix me pls Ì†ΩÌ∏´Ì†ΩÌπèÌ†ºÌøª"
"@SQLintheWild I predict that will cause more pain points and outages for people than anything else.  Not that it mi‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love  One taught me patience One taught me pain "
"i rly need to get in to see a rheumatologist or i'll kms bc the pain is so bad"
"One taught me patience  One taught me love  One taught me pain "
"XXX Atelier Filles Nues Porno Video British Porn zenci porno izl Tu Kiff XXX Ebony Sex XXX video Gode Ceinture Vide‚Ä¶ "
"the doctor can cause me all the pain he wants oops"
"One taught me love One taught me patience And one taught me pain "
"@_jennifuh Omg no...she taught me pain and that shit wasn‚Äôt amazing"
"Work keeps the pain away !Ì†ΩÌ∏ÅÌ†ΩÌ≤î"
"One taught me love One taught me patience One taught me pain. "
"Having long hair is such a fucking pain lmao I ain‚Äôt cutting it tho"
"Are you dealing with back pain, neck pain, shoulder pain, or any other issues?  This Special Report is for you.‚Ä¶ "
"Don't waste your pain"
"@Sylpphire Is it pain?"
"@uh_Jesse I‚Äôm always here to talk, man. I‚Äôve lost friends before, but never a best friend. I can‚Äôt imagine the pain‚Ä¶ "
"@Jessrozay Agreed. But apparently I have not experienced pain to that degree. Thank god."
"So tired Ì†ΩÌ∏™in so much pain "
"why makers showing #nandini character dead?  Then #kunal will never understand the value of wife #mauli  He thinks‚Ä¶ "
"Aside from boosting your immune system, #laughter is a highly effective pain killer ‚Äì Both physically and emotionally. #MiltonKeynes"
". Your choices matter‚Äîand so does your voice. Join #OurChoicesMatter to advocate for non-opioid pain management. #ad "
"one taught me love, one taught me patience and one taught me pain Ì†æÌ¥ß "
"@SentaiFilmworks Pain"
"I just thought of the entire crowd screaming \"she taught me love, she taught me patience and she handles pain, that‚Ä¶ "
"@BitcoinCashBCH @r0bbot @sondreliten @rogerkver True. I can't help but think, though, that many North Koreans are b‚Ä¶ "
"Andrew Wommack Devotional 8 November 2018 ‚Äì His Fathomless Pain "
"@gmbutts @JustinTrudeau U forgot to include; "
"sending snapchats to the wrong person is a pain worse than death"
"I just got an IUD and now I‚Äôm taking CBD oil to help with the pain. The wonders of modern medicine."
"@reaeloise I started watching it for the first time last week on nowtv, got crazily addicted and was up to season 2‚Ä¶ "
"$MOS Max Pain=37.00. Maturity=11/09/2018. #maxpain #options "
"@evurytime ice king should be pain bruv"
"@keepupwithjen @cobalttash So very sorry for you loss. We know your pain. Ì†ΩÌ∏¢Ì†ΩÌ≤ú"
"I am in sooo much pain omg sos send help Ì†ΩÌ∏©"
"Mom gives birth to 12.6-pound baby with no pain relief "
"\"Even if the sky does fall. Even if they take it all. There's no pain that I won't go through, even if I have to die for you...\""
"I know insulting this guy is so overdone it's a meme but I find it quite funny that he is acting like a fucking 12‚Ä¶ "
"I hate taking over the counter pain killers when I get a prescription but they work soooo good"
"@Richardknogen I know it's a pain - and it won't get YOUR vote back but you may be able to save a hundred next election~!"
"one taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain  #GreysAnatomy "
"One taught me love One taught me patience One taught me pain "
"So I did some art (HOLY FUCKING SHIT HELL IS FREEZING OVER) and Krita is being a pain in the ass to me about resizi‚Ä¶ "
"@realPolitiDiva @CarrieLockhart_ @Ocasio2018 I'm with ya on that one. Being your PA neighbor I feel your pain already lived through enough."
"@FibroSloth I just got the bed done..I wish it was not such a Herculean task. I am going to have a quick shower to‚Ä¶ "
"Dr. House - \"Life Is Pain\" "
"So we‚Äôre out here legalizing pain killers stronger than fentanyl but plan b is an issue???? Excuse me "
"Pain free laser hair removal- imagine, no more shaving or waxing, no rashes or ingrowing hair! Message me for a no‚Ä¶ "
"--------Evil men demand mercy----             but gave none themselves‚Ä¶ "
"@ImSpero Now I can also feel painÌ†ΩÌ∏Ç"
"What the what!!!? Aww heck yeah! Full re-usability is looking a lot more feasible all the time! This really would s‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain  #yoonmin "
"I have no interest in anything I can‚Äôt even eat im killing myself slowly cause this pain has been here forever can‚Äôt do anything about it"
"this creepy freak used to spy on her having sex, objectified her, used her, betrayed her and just being a pain in h‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain "
"How she handles pain, that shits amazing"
"Uaral - Sound of Pain (2005) [FULL ALBUM] "
"One taught me love One taught me patience  One taught me pain "
"Strength of Wins/ Pain of Losses. You get credit for every FBS win of opp you beat and every loss of opp you lose t‚Ä¶ "
"fk me cleaning white leather is a pain"
"One taught me LOVE One taught me PATIENCE and One taught me PAIN  this one kinda left me hanging "
"Green plantain teach everybody pain "
"And I can‚Äôt take any more pain medicine until I eat but I can‚Äôt eat bc there are people here working on our kitchen"
"Reliving pain Again and again Chapter and verse  Stunted discourse  Post Trauma  Shock Disorder  A wound unseen  An inner scream  #vss365"
"@Myallergyboy I feel your pain "
"One taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain. "
"@daviddoel Don‚Äôt look at the Dems unless you want that pain to be worse.  The corporate establishment will still fo‚Ä¶ "
"@flippflop I know your pain"
"\"Now he knows my pain.\""
"I managed to vote yesterday. My anxiety and pain left me paralyzed with fear all day. Luckily my husband came home,‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love one taught me patience  and one taught me pain "
"I know you dying inside you staying alive by sipping the pain yeah "
"watching governorships be taken by disgusting bigots such as desantis and larry hogan is so hard. i feel for maryla‚Ä¶ "
"this tweet taught me pain "
"One taught me Love One taught me Patience One taught me Pain "
"One taught me pain "
"One taught me hate One taught me pain One taught me extra stress "
"Nobly resisting the urge to tweet a ‚Äúone taught me love/patience/pain‚Äù meme with the three Lord of the Rings books.......... you‚Äôre welcome"
"@proudPolish2 @AlexoMcVeskov I feel your pain!  Soon the Dems will feel the PAIN!  #WWG1WGA !"
"one taught me love one taught me patience  one taught me pain "
"This pain is just too real"
"lrt TRUE but i find it easier to draw in illustrator bc photoshop was a true pain for me. indesign was really good‚Ä¶ "
"I‚Äôll take the pain, give me the truth"
"stay hopeful, pain doesn‚Äôt last forever"
"@FaradHusky How dare you? Ì†ΩÌ∏• I'm a sweet, fluffy, mostly lovely gorilla. And I'll definitely not taste good and you'‚Ä¶ "
"@MilseyMils Ì†ΩÌ∏± I feel your pain"
"One taught me love                                    One taught me patience                          One taught me‚Ä¶ "
"@hoemie_ Let me go nap my pain away Ì†ΩÌ∏î"
"Do you know how shitty it is to ignore the pain &amp; distress of having to become diasporic en masse to rejoice on its‚Ä¶ "
"Days like this I reflect on the past and how much I‚Äôve grown and it makes me cry to think of all the pain I‚Äôve endu‚Ä¶ "
"@_SJPeace_ He clearly invited them to follow,as I saw it. I would have gotten out of the car and done so,with rever‚Ä¶ "
"@Ajavillablog exactly and that's not why it's his pain but the love that was wronged as much as she."
"How to thank the bad times and move on to the next. "
"@s00j I feel your pain. I live in Florida. We could have had an awesome governor that would have done so much good.‚Ä¶ "
"give me pain if that's whats real its the price we pay to feel"
"@FullMetalYoukai Neat, thanks.  I did manage to do those other things.   Ursula's quest is possibly the biggest pai‚Ä¶ "
"@ZaidZamanHamid Most people only feel their own pain and are not sensitive about the pain of others."
"The immune system directs antibodies against healthy tissue, which causes swelling, pain, and tissue damage."
"one taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain "
"Instead facing our problems and finding the source of the pain, in order to heal, we choose to silence them tempora‚Ä¶ "
"@tokkitaekook ‚ÄúThese wings sprouted from my pain. But these wings are going toward the light, even if it‚Äôs tiring a‚Ä¶ "
"She taught me love she taught me patience and she handles pain now that shits amazing‚ô°"
"gah, having a bad pain day &amp; went &amp; slammed by bad knee extremely hard into a corner of my computer tower Ì†ΩÌ∏© also i‚Ä¶ "
"I AONR GOOD THE PAIN, at least I can stay in my bed ALL day long ig a good thing"
"Today has mostly been about short-term pain for long-term gain! Gotta keep going, relentlessly, even when it‚Äôs toug‚Ä¶ "
"Does anybody have post-midterm breakdown of control of state legislatures &amp; governorships?  #FightingLibtardation"
"ugh i miss chevy so so much... my poor baby is in so much pain..Ì†ΩÌ≤ó"
"@03_jensen @Christo24572380 @rlamartini @JoeAllenNewman @ButterFIy70 @Jmkilingnyc @raaamises @reversechapter‚Ä¶ "
"So much pain in my city"
"I was so discouraged by my choices for AG in my state of Oklahoma. As a person fighting a painful disease for which‚Ä¶ "
"Straya &amp; Ireland have disgraced themselves these past 2 years. Trump's attack dogs. Both will feel a lot of pain fr‚Ä¶ "
"In sm painÌ†ΩÌ∏≠"
"@jordaanblok I mean, a lust demon who only gets off on cruelty and causing others pain... mood"
"‚Å¶@LieBusterSleuth‚Å© nothing changed w/them they flood Europe then cry like that old proverb they cry out in pain as‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love, one taught me pain, one taught me patience #ArianaGrande #thankunext #jahseh #LLJ #humanrights "
"@PrisonPlanet I think she should have dropped to the floor screaming in pain, and show the bruises to the media tomorrow."
"the elements can hold your pain  Let them."
"@fraserspeirs I guess that‚Äôs my biggest pain point is iTunes U was so much better than Google Classroom and so many‚Ä¶ "
"Physically &amp; mentally in pain today Ì†ΩÌ∏™"
"One taught me love One taught me patience One taught me unbearable pain "
"BRUH REAL ASS PAIN. "
"Lol nvm I‚Äôm losing one of my eyes &amp; my left boob is in pain &amp; I can‚Äôt stop sneezing I think my time has come "
"@Irish_Atheist @AnneOrtelee This mindset is such a negative and dim world view to have. At our best we are so much‚Ä¶ "
"@ADP10Italy @TheFlopFish @EASPORTSNHL Yeah it's a pain in the ass."
"My little man is teething so bad tonight, he‚Äôs so unsettled. Wish I could take away the pain."
"Government and it's favorite fucking foreigners have become a pain in the ass "
"@DSC_Smurf ps. feel your pain. I own several keyboards for different purposes."
"I‚Äôm in pain, hungery, and sitting in a hospital. Wooo today has been great."
"@CNNPR @realDonaldTrump It is you @CNNPR who are causing a wave of violence, acting as the victim and inviting peop‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love (sansaery) one taught me patience (sansaery) and one taught me pain (sansaery)"
"T pain‚Äôs verse on One Way &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;"
"AKSJDKAHDSJKA I HAVEN'T LISTENED TO THANK U, NEXT YET AND I JUST REALIZED THE LOVE PATIENCE AND PAIN MEME IS LYRICS FROM THE SONG"
"That physical pain feels better than this... *sigh*"
"@Kelly @pleasure_ryland @VeryFineWhine @bonniez45 @TheSarge11 @SpicyPurritos @NefarusContrara @LelenaPeacock‚Ä¶ "
"lrt i'm the one who taught him pain"
"Take a msg from the pain Ì†ΩÌπÇ"
"One taught me love. One taught me patience. One taught me pain. "
"So after the sonic-mine at the start of ‚ÄòThe Tsuranga Conundrum‚Äô exploads, the Doctor spends the rest of the episod‚Ä¶ "
"Update for cooking stream  I‚Äôm in a lot of pain gonna have to reschedule for tomorrow if anything sorry Ì†ΩÌ∏ï"
"one taught me love one taught me patience  one taught me pain  now i‚Äôm so amazing  @ArianaGrande "
"No matter how beautiful you may look, when you are too ugly on the inside for too long without any guilt or remorse‚Ä¶ "
"@ClareDaly19 @IrishHospice Thats very sad. I'm sorry you had such a great loss at a young age. Cant imagine the pain endured. Ì†ΩÌ≤î"
"One taught me love, One taught me patience And one taught me pain "
"One taught me love, one taught me patience and one taught me pain "
"@DCsFilmTake I‚Äôd say that we can learn from pain... but he clearly hasn‚Äôt!"
"Burgundy jackets are triggering me with Mum this season...  ‚ÄúI remember my dad in a thousand corners of my life, bu‚Ä¶ "
"@OmarKelly There‚Äôs a video out of him doing throwing motions. What do you make of what you see? Someone in pain or‚Ä¶ "
"Difene will take away the searing pain in your back and replace it with a searing pain in your stomach lmao isn‚Äôt t‚Ä¶ "
"@theoneprinceton I'm in So Much Pain Babe"
"am actually in SO much pain with my back"
"@HonestlyMariah @parham1961 @LindsayPH @WRocchietti @_M_E_L_A_N_I__E @Lunarteddy @SassyCassyCat @baby_andersen‚Ä¶ "
"Since we won the House, I experienced a partial relief. Like if you in severe pain and take Tylenol, you get sort o‚Ä¶ "
"@MadnessSymbol AAA EVERY SECOND AWAY FROM MIDORIYA IS JUST A PAIN IN THE HEART HE CAN'T TAKE THIS ANYMORE  He smooc‚Ä¶ "
"i‚Äôve got so much love À°·µí·µõ·µâ  got so much patience ·µñ·µÉ·µó·∂¶·µâ‚Åø·∂ú·µâ i‚Äôve learned from the pain ·µñ·µÉ·∂¶‚Åø i turnt out amazin ·µó·µò ≥‚Åø·µó‚Ä¶ "
"Pain over my eye is killing me Ì†ΩÌ∏≥Ì†ΩÌ∏í stupid sinuses Ì†æÌ¥ßÌ†æÌ¥ß"
"one taught me love one taught me patience  and one taught me pain"
"My boss just asked me why I was in the elevator &amp; I said ‚ÄúI have to go get ibuprofen because you give me a headache‚Ä¶ "
"We feel your pain Jonny.   This is strike number 15, he promised 0. "
"tbh they all taught me pain because i cry like a little bitch with all their deaths."
"Put Hampi, SharadaPeeth, Somnath, Nalanda in its place. Now, You feel the pain? Mere name changing has angered so m‚Ä¶ "
"‚ÄúWhat do you do for the man that carries everyone and never gets to deal with his own pain?‚Äù  ‚ÄúBe his peace and lov‚Ä¶ "
"Having a chest pain because you‚Äôre heart broken is a different type of hurt hurt"
"@DMpashe @Mzansimagic My thoughts exactly...Trevor is a soldier he's used to much worse pain than this and he's too‚Ä¶ "
"@RyanCostello Mr. Costello, I feel your pain but with all due respect did you expected anything different really? W‚Ä¶ "
"Pain for Parkland students after pro-gun candidates win: 'I'm shaking with anger' "
"@AlcenaMacarina I think you enjoy my pain lol"
"Fuck me. A right pain in the arse getting into the ground tonight. Had to take off our shoes. Made me feel like a d‚Ä¶ "
"so much pain Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠"
"To me it always seemed like explaining pain to a patient is something that should be done selectively for those wit‚Ä¶ "
"when does pain actually stop Ì†ΩÌ≤î"
"-The prettiest smiles hides the deepest secrets.  -The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears.  -and the kindest‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain #SportingCP "
"Don't care about pain, you ll get up again"
"After everything and all the pain and obstacles medical school throws at you, it‚Äôs these moments that remind you why you‚Äôre in medicine. Ì†æÌµ∞Ì†æÌµ∞Ì†æÌµ∞"
"i have that awful stabbing pain in my hip but its not near my hip its Above it im dying"
"@jeff_says_that So wait, you don't have any more fatigue. What about the pins/needles, tremors, numbness, tingling,‚Ä¶ "
"Shakespeare said: I always feel happy, Do you know why? Because I'm not expecting anything from anyone. Waiting is‚Ä¶ "
"Fuckin hate being at the hospital.. this back pain ain‚Äôt no joke I can‚Äôt fuckin move man..."
"Sip to numb the pain"
"@SnowBrittanyA ‚ÄúYeah, just like I‚Äôm your pain in the ass,‚Äù she smirked back, kissing her fiercely as she wrapped he‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love, one taught me patience and one taught me pain.. Ì†ΩÌ∂§ @ArianaGrande "
"There is power in your pain.‚ù§Ô∏è Do you go through times when you feel like you‚Äôll never be able to overcome your cha‚Ä¶ "
"@vestigyal True, I was once in that boat too sis I feel ur pain Ì†ΩÌ∏©Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠ dw inshAllah soon Ì†ΩÌ∏ú"
"I don't like trails,but sometimes they actually fit &amp; if they are straight then things r ok-this still was a pain t‚Ä¶ "
"@blkgirlculture I never got to experience that ‚Äú love ‚Äú because my mom didn‚Äôt know how to put beads in my hair. I  was in constant pain ."
"they all taught me pain "
"If u don‚Äôt experience chronic pain can u just appreciate that pls lmao I just want ONE day without pain PLEASE !!! :‚Äô("
"@swsquadleadr327 @kyberhearts_ After market stuff is just ugly or a pain. Usb is the way."
"Be his pain, let that other bitch go crazy tryna be his peace"
"@annieyilingwang Love: AI  Patience: ID Pain: PS"
"A bow and arrow could take the pain away"
"@420timing Feel your pain bro"
"@Th3RealRainbow Tooth pain makes me want to act like I‚Äôm 3 and throw things..."
"In flame with my husband for my birthday dinner ‚ù§Ô∏è‚ù§Ô∏è pain_in_the_tech @ Flame Restaurant "
"one taught me love. one taught me patience. and one taught me pain. "
"I need to see a chiropractor ASAP, this back pain is not getting any better"
"Me using airtel bundles... A pain every time. "
"CBD Oil is a natural &amp; legal way to control pain/inflammation. We offer all natural lab tested &amp; keto-friendly prod‚Ä¶ "
"@NykyBailey I know there‚Äôs this don‚Äôt record thingy and I truly understand it and if I could afford to go I would b‚Ä¶ "
"@vjMsd19 @ActorRoboSankar @kamaljii it's not an echo of one fan alone for your information and more importantly eve‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love; one taught me patience; one taught me pain "
"How are you today ‚Äî tired n in pain but i‚Äôm ok ig how are u!! "
"Portable Pain Relief Our brand new Roll on Pain relieving gel.  100mg of #CBD  in a portable bottle. Offers instant‚Ä¶ "
"unbearable pain"
"i had an awful day my trains were too late that made me late for uni aka anxiety overload and i had the worst class‚Ä¶ "
"@TTVJinsa I feel the pain brother Ì†ΩÌ∏¢Ì†ΩÌ∏¢"
"@LadyBloof A lot of soap and pain"
"@gdwood01 @LeftPeggers Dinna get on my wrong side - expert in using office implements to inflict pain, usually on myself! Ì†ΩÌπàÌ†ΩÌπàÌ†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏Ç"
"I have to take my puppy to the vet because he hasn‚Äôt been feeling good I‚Äôm so sad I hate seeing animals in pain "
"I hope you know that when you find what‚Äôs meant for you, the confusion will go away. The madness will make sense. T‚Ä¶ "
"Pain relieved! :)))"
"@CNN Go away already! Pain the ass !"
"It‚Äôs all pain at this point tbhÌ†ΩÌ∏íÌ†ΩÌ∏íÌ†ΩÌ∏í "
"Strain: God's Gift  Indica Dominant Hybrid - 90% Indica / 10% Sativa THC: 27%, CBD: 1% Effect: Euphoria, Happy,Rela‚Ä¶ "
"I FINALLY got a physio appointment, hoping this will help my back pain cause I‚Äôm honestly sick of it at this point Ì†ΩÌπÉ"
"For some macaques, their head wounds became infected with MRSA. This resulted in further pain and suffering. ‚ú¶PETIT‚Ä¶ "
"nah bitch they all taught me pain. derek,mark,and denny are dead. "
"Patiently waiting for the day I won‚Äôt be in any more pain..."
"During the crying,kubuhlungu.   But afterwards I literally feel emotionally lighter.  Not that the pain disappears..."
"We are seeking to do 360 reviews of our Pain Med residents, and are trying to structure them in CanMEDS format. Loo‚Ä¶ "
"FDA just approved a drug called opiate ‚ÄúSufentail‚Äù don‚Äôt take that shit if it‚Äôs prescribed to you. It‚Äôs not the pai‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love  One taught me patience  One taught me pain "
"nipple piercing pain 1.5/10"
"Drink to numb the pain"
"one taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain  @PhiPhiOhara (love u all 3 times xox) "
"I‚Äôm about to go on a liquid diet for a few days to see if I can fix this pain"
"We had a killer rehearsal last night! Fired through 19 songs straight through - no breaks, no pain, no mercy Ì†æÌ¥òÌ†ΩÌ±äÌ†ΩÌ¥•‚Ä¶ "
"my whole body is in pain i wish i could just stay home"
"Shiatsu Massager by Naturalico - Massage Therapy for Foot, Back, Neck &amp; Shoulder Pain. Total Body Relaxation "
"@AMike4761 @RevJoeASondrup I think we are more stupid because we allowed her to win by our inaction. The egg is on‚Ä¶ "
"\"Divine is the task to relieve pain\" Hippocrates  In gratitude for all you do to inspire and to help brothers and s‚Ä¶ "
"the pain in my nose rn is so fucking real"
"enslaved to be forced to absorb their will and forced sentiment about the attack. The arcturian aliens force themse‚Ä¶ "
"@isacisse @Mshehu01 @Rx_Khaleel Nonsense they ur head,  shege jahili.  Why the thing come pain you so?  Abeg comot"
"@Flash_Katie237 @p_machor @SceneNNerd @bessiescott @SeanGor67395556 @StephB617 @hollyanderson30 @EverAshleigh‚Ä¶ "
"pain is the name of the game"
"She taught me love, she taught me patience, how she handles pain.. that shit is amazing"
"Sipping on tus on a rainy day help the pain go away Ì†ΩÌπÉÌ†ºÌΩº"
"Ì†ºÌæ∂One taught me love, One taught me patience, And one taught me pain, Now, I'm so amazing I've loved and I've lost B‚Ä¶ "
"@zibahfairooz No offense sis but I think belly piercings are kinda tacky Ì†ΩÌπäÌ†ΩÌπà but if it's permissible, you do you gir‚Ä¶ "
"The pain of holding on is unbearable so i decided to let it go. Little by little. We cant expect let it all go at o‚Ä¶ "
"Breaks my heart seeing people I care about in so much pain"
"one taught me love, one taught me patience, and one taught me pain "
"I will never understand why ex bfs are such a pain like damn you were in the past so stay in the past"
"I've had lingering knee pain for like a month but its sick bc it makes me feel like an athlete"
"@_Roxas_X Orisa widens her eyes and jumps up a bit before blushing and smiling again ‚ÄúW-Well... sensitivity and pai‚Ä¶ "
"For those of you interested, surgery went fine and I‚Äôm recovering.  There‚Äôs pain but it‚Äôs handled. Hope to be out o‚Ä¶ "
"this is the pain violent displacement creates. I don't get to see her grow up and with regard to my elders I feel l‚Ä¶ "
"Slept on my neck the wrong way last night and now I‚Äôm in so much pain Ì†ΩÌ∏≠"
"Drawing symbols in the sand till my pain gone baby"
"@Toibin1 @lifeinstitute I feel your pain. In my home state in the US, people have elected a clean sweep of pro-abor‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love  one taught me patience  one taught me pain "
"Ì†ºÌæµone taught me loveÌ†ºÌæµ Ì†ºÌæµone taught me patienceÌ†ºÌæµ Ì†ºÌæµone taught me painÌ†ºÌæµ  THANK U, NEXT. @ArianaGrande "
"@TheMaskAvenger_ \"I get those a lot. I believe universe is trying to send me a message but I choose to ignore it. I‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love One taught me patience And one taught me pain Now, I'm so amazing! Ì†ΩÌ≤ì @ArianaGrande "
"@UKTodayTopNews Why has no ban been put in place yet?! This happens year after year. Needs to change. I hope the bo‚Ä¶ "
"@NVRNorthampton ‚ÄòHeart-rending‚Äô: Young Slovakian sculptor captures post-abortion pain, mercy and forgiveness | News‚Ä¶ "
"@girdiedolans what pain?Ì†æÌ¥î"
"‚Äú you‚Äôre in so much pain ‚Äú -doc"
"One taught me love One taught me patience One taught me pain  #Cosplay Edition Ì†ΩÌ∏Ç #ThankUNext "
"@cjrmurphy1 I live in Ohio, I feel your pain and shame..."
"My right knee is being the absolute WORST these past couple of days. As I'm walking, something snaps or pops really‚Ä¶ "
"What is the ROOT of our biggest pain? "
"Laughter is a powerful antidote for stress, conflict, and pain. Nothing works faster or more dependably to bring yo‚Ä¶ "
"No one taught me love, no one taught me patience, no one taught me pain"
"Didn‚Äôt they all teach us pain "
"@swaveyrico @Halo @Bungie @HaloWaypoint Halo 5 is literally the worst halo ever, hit the nail on the head with the painÌ†ΩÌ∏≠"
"#crpsforum #crpsawareness #crpsstrong #crpshope #rsd complex_regional_pain rsda_crew_official @CherylBurgio‚Ä¶ "
"@theloftusparty He is a twatwaffle.  He is exactly the kind of wuss that would wear a pussy hat. He‚Äôs like cdiff...‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love , one taught me patience, one taught me pain ! Now I'm so Amazing Ì†æÌµ∞Ì†æÌµ∂"
"Among people with pain, the rate of depression was lower with social media use. \"Among people with pain, the rate o‚Ä¶ "
"Your departure wasn't a pain because your arrival was never a gain."
"one taught me pain, im so fucking grateful for my ex! way to turn a sad thing into a good thing @ArianaGrande ‚ù§Ô∏è‚ù§Ô∏è #learnfrompain"
"Pet Blend 100mg CBD for Dogs &amp;and Cats.  Now your pets can get the same benefits that you do! Loaded with Terpenes‚Ä¶ "
"A wise man understands everything quickly  Usta really cares about Yavuz and he doesn‚Äôt want to see him alone and c‚Ä¶ "
"If Ariana singing ‚ÄúI've got so much love, got so much patience, I've learned from the pain, I turned out amazing‚Äù a‚Ä¶ "
"Guys don‚Äôt tempt me with the ‚Äúlove, patience, pain‚Äù meme this close to when I leave social media, I‚Äôll literally po‚Ä¶ "
"My son is a pain in the ass.!!"
"That ain‚Äôt a smile. Lebron grimacing in pain cuz she got a death grip on his dick. "
"]no pain"
"@walejobbs PainÌ†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏Ç  Reminds me of Naruto."
"One taught me love, one taught patience, and one taught me pain. "
"how she handles pain, that shit's amazing ‚ú®"
"give me something to kill the pain"
"@shondarhimes taught me pain "
"Been trying to smoke the pain away."
"Be his pain, let that other bitch go crazy tryna be his peaceÌ†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†æÌ¥∑Ì†ºÌøΩ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è"
"The arcturians, anshar/anunaki, and other aliens that target individuals, choose everyday to abuse, rape, and attac‚Ä¶ "
"Add the R to pain because BITCH. That is by far the WORST train there is "
"@BrianBatko Oh, this makes perfect sense. Set us up to believe so the pain of \"Pitting\" will be infinitely  worse.‚Ä¶ "
"@hannahbrencher SISTER. you know the pain. I think I might be \"finished\" only took me four rounds of edits."
"One taught me love. One taught me patience . And one taught me pain . "
"I'm frustrated, in physical pain and dealing with ignorant \"adults.\"   I just wanna go home"
"one taught you love. one taught you patience. one taught you pain. Ì†ΩÌ∏Ä "
"one taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain, now I'm so amazinn "
"In some physical pain lately and so my tolerance for the cruelty and ignorance on facebook and twitter is very low.‚Ä¶ "
"No matter how much loneliness falls upon us, no matter how much pain we have to take, we must not shut down our senses."
"LRT personally i think the pain applies to all three lol"
"one taught me pain one taught me pain one taught me pain "
"@CTVNews I think that's the whole idea. Dems want to obstruct everything possible. And be as much of a pain in the ass as possible"
"@cakoppelman @billboard @PaisleyPark @PrinceNewsRIP @DMNnews @JobuPresents Hey Prince News, shmucky K isnt liking p‚Ä¶ "
"Rip uncle John, no more pain no more suffering Ì†ΩÌ∏≠‚òπÔ∏è‚ù§Ô∏è"
"HA HA HA HA!!! Acosta is such a pain in the ass.   Trump slams CNN‚Äôs Acosta for press conference performance: ‚ÄòYou‚Ä¶ "
"Ì†ºÌæ≠ and the updated League standing!  We have a new leader in @FPLSavage Ì†ΩÌ±èÌ†ºÌøº  @FPLKangaroo feels the pain of one too m‚Ä¶ "
"I liked a @YouTube video "
"Pay money To my Pain / Same as you are "
"@Iacedangel mhm making it soft before the pain"
"Hypnosis is used by therapists to get patients into a state of concentration. Getting here allows positive and soot‚Ä¶ "
"#NoNutNovember #NNN  Day 7.   Food has no taste. Nor does drink. Nor does air. All I can sense is pain. Wait that's‚Ä¶ "
"@EdgeOfNoReturn @Carol_Janca @senatemajldr Ending up reading old comments to McConnell posts but yes, I have 3 frie‚Ä¶ "
"@TYB_Johnny Pain should have been Shrek 3"
"I‚Äôm so used to this pain at this point it‚Äôs sad..."
"@juanitocheeto_ that's enough to not go back there - I would be heart broken - feeling your pain"
"@EstherThePig You feel so helpless when our pets are in pain.  You hate to see them in pain.  Esther has 2 great Da‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love, One taught me patience, And one taught me pain #Westworld "
"@GeePeeBrandon @IOnlySayFacts T Pain spitting facts the other two tripping"
"@MLB2MLR Doing okay but busy with doctors for me and pain clinic but they are about to give up on me."
"@girlsreallyrule @thirst4knowldge I agree, but I think all of us need to show Jim some love for being such a gigant‚Ä¶ "
"@FanOfTheAceMan @facepwn @ONCannabisStore Because I was actually looking forward (despise the atrocious wait times)‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love                                  one taught me patience                            one taught me‚Ä¶ "
"I have to ask, Having been fighting MS/CFS...etc, 20+yrs now, w/autoimmune diseases with No Cure... and all alterna‚Ä¶ "
"The cure for pain is in the pain"
". With the help of #OurChoicesMatter, I learned about my post-surgery pain management options. Join today! #ad "
"if anything taught me pain it‚Äôs the first one. Lr taught me love and Ps taught me patience "
"@arnoldbush Ouch...Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠ Ayam in pain on your behalf "
"@chronic_spoonie No one will for me either. Dealing with chronic pain is awful and I wish we could just get some relief."
"Healing in the face of pain: "
"Nicole literally just turned to me and said I can‚Äôt wait to give birth and be in pain. Are you ok hun?"
"@hennaahmedx Bonnie lit taught me love patience and pain that bitch rlly went thru it man :("
"One taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain #caos "
"@TumiMolekane release a mixtape this year !! #HoneyAndPain Mixtape has guest features from @YoungstaCpt‚Ä¶ "
"My fellow Reps.  WE got our asses handed to us in these midterms and it is probably good because we got too comfort‚Ä¶ "
"Imagine sitting down all alone in one corner thinking about some1 that doesn't know you're in existence,all in the sake of love. E dey pain"
"Attn progressives. As you celebrate last night's wins, remember that the Dems and neocons are 2 sides of the same p‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain"
"@ravensspirit68 I'd never dismiss any pain as \"psychological.\" I have severe chronic pain attributable to no appare‚Ä¶ "
"Be his pain let that other bitch go crazy tryna be his peace Ì†ΩÌ∏à"
"Lol. There was a time an army General came to the pharmacy in Kaduna asking for Tramadol for his wife who was in pa‚Ä¶ "
"I just laugh away the pain from the past. Emotions ive felt years back that made me wanna kill myself now make me wanna chuckleq"
"one taught me,, they all taught me pain tbh @jennyhan "
"@Farmer_MindBody For me, understanding is a precursor to behaviour change. It's only when behaviour changes that ou‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love  one taught me patience  and one taught me pain "
"@UPROXX If it‚Äôs not him starting a nice new life and being free from trouble and pain then no thanks."
"@TrashBangs Rick is just laying there, feeling the pain, barely moving."
"@Ruth_Smith67 Some tradesmen are a pain in the ars!!!"
"Unpopular opinion time: Medical professionals should get free healthcare??? Like how are we gonna send nurses and m‚Ä¶ "
"On the pavement close to the roadside at lapaz, I saw this lady on her knees screaming in pain. I asked those close‚Ä¶ "
"@GeniusPrey \"Don't worry. I'm a pain in the ass, too.\""
"is there any way to take this pain away !!!!!!!"
"a perspective I had not considered.  "
"the er rly gave me percocet for my pain bitch iTS LIT is me"
"As long as you feel pain, you‚Äôre still alive. As long as you make mistakes, you‚Äôre still human and as long as you k‚Ä¶ "
"@UnderFaceValue @DispatchAlerts @EmptySeatsPics @ArianaGrande @NationwideArena @ArianaWorldHQ @ArianaUpdateCom Seem‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love, one taught me patience, and one taught me pain. "
"So went to the doctor today for checkup for my foot and head.. so foot doctor goes fix the issues we gotta brake yo‚Ä¶ "
"@VixenishVirago Hey!  {The woman's face scrunched up in pain whilst glaring in Paige's direction.}"
"one taught me love one taught me patience  one taught me pain  #HalloweenMovies #ThornTrilogy "
"@TPRJones @dylanhs @NathanHRubin And it might pain you to hear this, but reliable polls say that a majority of Aust‚Ä¶ "
"#Arthritis doesn't just affect old people.  Many forms of arthritis can strike at an early age.  For all those figh‚Ä¶ "
"Saw #Sarkar movie. ARM tried 2 give some social msg but failed miserably in screenplay/logic (many movies don't hv‚Ä¶ "
"Magic Cabbage Wrap: Wrap Your Leg For Just One Hour to Relieve Joint and Muscle Pain "
"Obviously illustrator is love indesign is patience and photoshop is pain and that‚Äôs all it could be "
"What if pain was minato wouldn‚Äôt that have been crazy like in the earlier episodes when the leader of the akatsuki identity was hidden!"
"One taught me love,one taught me patience, one taught me pain "
"The Association of Patient Satisfaction with Pain Anxiety and SelfReported Physical Function.: A complete understan‚Ä¶ "
"@The__Goomba Jeez I want to forget that pain..."
"Although, this is probably just his normal fighting style and he is more used to it. When he enters his second phas‚Ä¶ "
"Pain for #Parkland #students after pro-gun candidates win. Despite months of tireless campaigning, student‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love one taught me patience  one taught me pain @ArianaGrande "
"One taught me love One taught me patience And taught me pain "
"This. I love Lucy. @LucyWins2018 took the pain of losing her child and turned it into activism, into service. I tol‚Ä¶ "
"Excess #Stress Can Take A Toll On Your Body #NationalStressAwarenessDay Symptoms include: -Anxiety -Headaches -Fati‚Ä¶ "
"I don‚Äôt wanna work out at all. Everything hurts. But no pain no gain. Leggggoooo"
"Got to change for the heal of my pain...."
"IHPC has partnered with the Academy of Integrative Pain Management to advance policy changes for integrative pain m‚Ä¶ "
"Another great review coming in for our Webster office!   \"I have been going to their Webster office for a shoulder‚Ä¶ "
"I‚Äôd Listen To Your Pain B4 Talking About Mine Ì†ΩÌ≤Ø"
"I got all this pain i can‚Äôt hold up"
"Got Black ops today and left it installing whilst i go to work all night, haven't felt pain like this in a while "
"‚ÄúMy ‚Äòwhy‚Äô is my own pain.‚Äù -Hiroko Demichelis | In a world where survivors are urged to ‚Äúget over‚Äù trauma, based on‚Ä¶ "
"@jesvvsx Stfu I‚Äôm not a pain in the ass."
"IM IN TERRIBLE PAIN"
"one tought me love one tought me patience one tought me pain"
"@Newsweek She got there through pain and suffering only to help people who want to give the country away, to do so."
"love: illustrator  patience: indesign pain: photoshop "
"Feel no pain when I be high and I be fresher then a bitch"
"You ever say ow when you drop or hit something and it makes a loud sound but you didn‚Äôt actually feel any physical‚Ä¶ "
"@morewa_fa beauty through the pain sis Ì†ΩÌ∏Ç"
"And one taught me pain now, I'm so amazing. I've loved and I've lost, but that's not what I see.. so, look what I g‚Ä¶ "
"Too much back pain for one person , who wanna divide it up brothaz ?"
"@laur0816 Ah yes the pain one"
"one taught me love one taught me patience and one taught me pain "
"had some bad chest pain this afternoon , thought I was in trouble for a moment . but it has eased whew !! Ì†ΩÌ∏¨Ì†ΩÌ∏Æ. "
"@starttotalkuk @NVRnorthampton Very true @starttotalkuk and we carry chronic pain and other chronic conditions as a‚Ä¶ "
"@bengalTigress_ Aaaah, okay in that case I‚Äôll be able to handle it coz i have high pain tolerance as well    Ngl I‚Äô‚Ä¶ "
"I swear trying to get my car inspected has been the biggest fucking pain ever. Fingers crossed Ì†æÌ¥û this shit gets done today."
"@JoeDeMayo4 We gotta tweet through the pain here"
"Pain is the tunnel between where we stand today and our recovery"
"One taught me love One taught me patience, and One taught me pain "
"Not only did I shut out the pain, I shut out everything ..  The good and the bad until there was nothing."
"@javas_ass IM IN PAIN THIS GAME JUST BUSTED MY SHINS"
"One taught me love. One taught me patience.  One taught me pain. "
"I don‚Äôt even know what I want anymore. You burn me with your words, you put me through pain now you‚Äôre asking why t‚Ä¶ "
"Literally trying not to vomit from pain while I cover books. Great fun. Ì†ΩÌπÉ "
"Marketing giving you a headache?  Make the pain go away with a FREE bench marking report from ADAM supporter‚Ä¶ "
"i think im just now expierencing my wisdom tooth pain and this shit is no joke"
"Common Causes of Back Pain and Neck Pain "
"@Wendys I‚Äôm almost sad that the pain isn‚Äôt McDonalds."
"A year ago I overheard a upperclass white lady say something like , kindness and love , yes that's what the world n‚Ä¶ "
"I smile through the pain"
"ever had a stinging pain on you side after a long night of drinking? thats ya liver saying take a fucking breakÌ†ΩÌπÇ"
"One taught me Love, one taught me Patience, one taught me Pain "
"I‚Äôm in so much pain"
"Brain dead,eye drops Pain meds,cylops Daybed,Ipod ‚ÄúMay-back‚Äù,Maybach Trainwrecks,sidewalks Payless,high-tops K-Fed,IHop Playtez,icebox"
"This seems to be the new thing everyone is doing nowadays...so here it goes:  One taught me love One taught me pati‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love One taught me patience One taught me pain (mfers use to roast my ass for bringing Good Times‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me loveÌ†æÌµ∞, one taught me patienceÌ†ΩÌ∏å, one taught me painÌ†ΩÌ∏© "
"One taught me love One taught me patience One taught me pain One taught me to unstan for a lil while "
"Insurance is the biggest pain In the ass!!!!"
"Now that elections are over, how about we talk about art with as much passion? Feel free to discuss mine at‚Ä¶ "
"\"Dont worry sweetie, I love the pain\"  Hector doesn't draw Armads leaving it on his nack as he charges forward "
"The pain is not for everyone. It‚Äôs for the Plebians (Povo) not for the Patricians in this Roman Empire, that‚Äôs wher‚Ä¶ "
"May Allah ease your pain. Ameen ‚ù§‚ù§‚ù§ Have a dua? If so, click on the link in my bio to send in your dua. Ì†ºÌº†Ì†ºÌº†Ì†ºÌº†Ì†ºÌº†Ì†ºÌº†Ì†ºÌº†Ì†ºÌº†Ì†ºÌº†Ì†ºÌº†Ì†ºÌº†Ì†ºÌº†‚Ä¶ "
"I have chronic pain. I am not here for chronic pain. I am here for core stabilization. I want the PT to be aware of‚Ä¶ "
"Also, he's 100% insulated with  zero risk of impeachment (fact). Nov. 23rd is a Friday  Pain@23?"
"Meanwhile here I sit blaming no one ever for my pain. I need the rest of the world to step up to these Godhood leve‚Ä¶ "
"There's a reason why God asks us to wait. It can be Him protecting us over something. He would rather take the blam‚Ä¶ "
"Trevor better survive..ke na le di chest pain #TheQueenMzansi"
"YUMPU: CHAIN OF PAIN - REPORT OF DOGS "
"\"Since that day..\"  The small and frail boy sighed.  \"..I have been your highness and so much more..\"  He touched t‚Ä¶ "
"Joy wouldn‚Äôt feel so good if it weren‚Äôt for pain"
"My armpits are burning, waxing underarms is the worsttttt pain Ì†ΩÌ∏≠"
"Brother has the most physical strength but is the most annoying... sister has the most emotional strength but has c‚Ä¶ "
"can you see the pain you're causing"
"@senatemajldr This was pusher mentality done by you! The last time there was an opioid crisis it was Europeans push‚Ä¶ "
"And handles pain and that shits amazinnnn"
"So me and Lewdvik just thought about NErgigante and in how much pain it must be when grows it's Thorn. Actually, wh‚Ä¶ "
"@AriciaAnn I understand what you mean by that. I too have felt that pain and feeling. So if anything you need someo‚Ä¶ "
"Back pain? Stop by Anytime Fitness today to try out our brand new Inversion &amp; Extender Machine! #gotyourback @ Anyt‚Ä¶ "
"When I‚Äôm with ha my problems and pain go away"
"every now and then i get the urge to put more effort in with making miso so... trying out anchovy dashi. imma rank‚Ä¶ "
"Why is other people‚Äôs pain so funny "
"@D_woodland @CRTV That‚Äôs right, never own what your side does. Typical. That‚Äôs ok...the indictments include Reps to‚Ä¶ "
"Nc  Nc nc my pain is life to you. "
"So I‚Äôve had this IUD since September &amp; the people close to me know what I went through the first couple of weeks wi‚Ä¶ "
"You didn‚Äôt know pain until thisÌ†ΩÌ≤î "
"one taught me love one taught me patience  one taught me pain  @GreysABC @ArianaGrande @PatrickDempsey "
"The pain is worth it."
"Anyone that claims actors are a pain in the arse needs to meet these two beauties! #corrie #mikeynorth‚Ä¶ "
"I hope I didn‚Äôt pull or tear anything in my Tricep in a lot of pain"
"I need a tattoo to mask the pain"
"@PrisonPlanet Nor should they be happy. Pain is coming"
"You're so afraid of love There's not much time All the pain inside just makes you want to die"
"3 blocks of butter. 1 1/2 blocks each side. Imagine carrying that around every day in a bag slung around your shoul‚Ä¶ "
"I've got so much love Got so much patience  I've learned from the pain  I turned out amazing"
"‚ÄúSomeone who don‚Äôt know pain will not know how true peace is like‚Äù (Pain)"
"One taught me love, One taught me patience, One taught me pain.. #GameOfThrones "
"@_Dr90210 @cuteposhmom Pain"
"the worst pain ever is a toothache Ì†æÌ¥ß"
"I‚ÄôM DAMAGED, BUT I STILL GIVE OUT LOVE, REGARDLESS OF DA PAIN DAT I‚ÄôM FEELIN‚ÄºÔ∏è‚ÄºÔ∏è‚ÄºÔ∏èÌ†ΩÌ≤îÌ†ΩÌ≤Ø #LoveRemainDaSame"
"one taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain. @ArianaGrande "
"@intrign_paradox Ehn, e dey pain me. Go find FreshYo buy jare."
"If you want love..you gon‚Äô have to go through the pain..if you want love you gon‚Äô have to learn how to changeÌ†ºÌæº‚ú®"
"mental health is something everyone struggles with. if your thoughts ever feel invasive and scare you, know that yo‚Ä¶ "
"my bubby passed away in my arms this morning. I am still in disbelief. I love and miss you so much. Rest peacefully‚Ä¶ "
"Nothing about this has ever been normal... everything about it is extraordinary... My Peace in the pain... my sunsh‚Ä¶ "
"@blackwell_abby @jadyn_yo &amp; to every other girl who‚Äôs been broken-hearted, keep your beautiful heads up! you all de‚Ä¶ "
"death isn‚Äôt pain it‚Äôs mercy‚Äù "
"My body responds just to pain  „ÄêDrive you crazy„Äë"
"@liuraee True pain"
"She taught me love She taught me patience She taught me pain "
"I wouldn‚Äôt wish this pain on anyone Ì†ΩÌπáÌ†ºÌøΩ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è"
"@moonchjId @elnoelleon @benitez_kristi because I thrive on pain apparently"
"@Biketruck Anything can happen with touch screens and computers....  a few places here in TX where it was changing‚Ä¶ "
"Pds 2&amp;3 --  Analyze \"Bereft\" for tomorrow.  I hope to have a voice and pain-free throat tomorrow.  If I can't speak‚Ä¶ "
"Proverbs 15:1-2, 4: \"Harsh word is lit., 'word of pain,' that is, a word that is hurtful. Words wisely chosen promo‚Ä¶ "
"The cameraman chasing him outside reminded me of the Maury camera guys Ì†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏Ç get their pain on camera or die Ì†ΩÌ∏©Ì†ΩÌ∏©Ì†ΩÌ∏© "
"One taught me love, one taught me patience, and one taught me pain "
"I JUST WANT THIS PAIN TO GO AWAY FUCK"
"@MancoMcCree ‚ùõ‚ùõBet that list is long by now ain't it. I ain't taking y'r pity crap. I ain't dead yet. Oh. But when‚Ä¶ "
"Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday"
"Arthritis Pain Relief (Joint Pain): Can Ayurvedic Herbal Oils + Essential Oils Help?  Read here -‚Ä¶ "
"@TheLarsonPage that down strike on young woman's extended arm for mic is Plain and Simple, on its face - Battery.‚Ä¶ "
"What happens when a Demon sets out to play a game of chess? Will you be a pawn or a King?  See what happens when a‚Ä¶ "
"@HaughtyAid ¬ª Olivia had always taught Misty how to ‚Äúdefend‚Äù herself, how to keep the unwanted attention at bay. Bu‚Ä¶ "
"update this outfit was a pain in the ass never again "
"you really do not know pain until your juul juice gets in your mouth. b*tch disgustin."
"@beemanneh The green one that's my pain Ì†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏Ç had one for 3 weeks and it decided not to get ripe . Thinking about it pains me"
"[Check Out ] PAIN By GroundWork Doe : "
"I love him so much pain I want a‚Ä¶."
"one taught me love, one taught me patience and one taught me pain"
"@lebzaman Not for me hey..I had to change that.. It only got me in so much pain"
"One taught me love One taught me patience  and one taught me pain "
"Strain: 24K  Indica Dominant Hybrid - 60% Indica / 40% Sativa THC: 18% - 24% Effect: Euphoria, Happy,Relaxing, Slee‚Ä¶ "
"@onourwayworld Every year on my birthday, I change my smoke detector batteries.  Virtual hug for your loss. I canno‚Ä¶ "
"I don't know who needs to hear this but you are currently bearing whatever pain you are going through like a warrio‚Ä¶ "
"No pain , No gain"
"#Ufelani  Bro I can‚Äôt imagine being the producer of this show. Hearing these stories week in week out . Seeing the‚Ä¶ "
"@Kylie_Bonomo you should‚Äôve put gabe for pain"
"Pain builds maturity"
"@kemmberlyy @chelseamberlynn Birmingham feels your pain. "
"@ArianaGrande *in harry‚Äôs perspective* one taught me love  one taught me patience  n one taught me pain "
"\"Take me over the walls below  Fly forever  Don't let me go  I need a savior to heal my pain  When I become my wors‚Ä¶ "
"yg is patience and sm is pain in my book "
"Did you know? Symptoms of blood clots in the deep veins of the legs or arms include pain and swelling, with skin th‚Ä¶ "
"@_SJPeace_ OMG, the awful trauma and pain this man must go thru, it's sad .. i dunno HOW he gets through all that turmoil, honey :("
"I‚Äôm truly in so much pain rn bc of this infection hahaha I LOVE life"
"Needle anxiety can start young. The article \"What if needle pokes didn't hurt?\" describes a project to reduce needl‚Ä¶ "
"This Black Rhino lost its horns to poachers in Zimbabwe. He recovered after being left for dead with multiple AK47‚Ä¶ "
"they‚Äôve only taught me pain wdym "
"@JoeConchaTV Is @JimAcosta‚Äôs job description mean pain in the ass?"
"Look at her face, this is a woman in pain, a devout life long Christian, daughter of a vicar is being forced to ped‚Ä¶ "
"Can't believe you guys gave me back pain through twitter. It's obviously because of y'all not because I haven't wal‚Ä¶ "
"I was scared of the possibility of pain. Sometimes (maybe most times) I still am. But I am human ‚Äî not perfect. And‚Ä¶ "
"@FoxNews @AmericaNewsroom @NancyPelosi Well that I believe is why they gained the HOUSE- people are sick of the one‚Ä¶ "
"pOoR uNfOrTuNaTe SoUlS iN pAiN iN nEeD tHiS oNe LoNgInG tO bE tHiNnEr ThAt OnE wAnTs To GeT tHe GiRl AnD dO i HeLp‚Ä¶ "
"DAMN!!! this dude gave up!! pain in my chestttt argh!!!! "
"@NickGamemaster @danfaz94 @Collider @MakeMineAmalgam @tomlord46 As long as he isn‚Äôt a complete pain in the movie li‚Ä¶ "
"Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain."
"Treating chronic pain? Read about exciting new findings on the effects of manual therapy in cLBP pain, expected pai‚Ä¶ "
"@MbejeMsizie I feel your pain bruhÌ†ΩÌ∏¢ "
"Love and prayers for you, Jules.  I wish I could take you pain away.  Safe travels!‚ô•Ô∏èÌ†ΩÌπè‚ô•Ô∏è "
"Remember even a #Whisper can cause #Pain - A soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous words stir up anger. Prov 15:1"
"Traffic everywhere,, even Gokada sef no fit help... Lagos is in pain "
"@pottermore Love and patience= Remus Pain= Snape and Umbrigde"
"@ArianaGrande @TheEllenShow @VictoriaMonet @TAYLAPARX One taught me love .one taught me patience. One taught me Pai‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me pain, One taught me Love, and one taught me patience "
"Pain is what God gives with power to keep you from arrogance  -TD Jakes"
"@ArianaGrande One taught me love One taught me patience  One taught me pain  Now I‚Äôm so amazing   -Harry ‚ö°Ô∏è‚Ä¶ "
"Only real film lovers will understand the pain.  Ì†ΩÌ∏¢Ì†ΩÌ≤î "
"It‚Äôs been a year &amp; few months &amp; this pain is just as intense the second I saw you on the floor"
"I am in pain"
"Medical crew are in the pitch, but Coquelin is on his feet, albeit in a lot of pain.  #YBB #VCF #UCL #championsleague"
"where i‚Äôm not lying in bed 24/7 in pain unable to do jack SHIT. like guess what??? i fucking know it‚Äôs been 2, almo‚Ä¶ "
"in the WORST pain right now"
"One taught me love  One taught me patience  And one taught me pain "
"@jelenasourcebra @selenagomez @justinbieber all taught pain"
"only just found out that the one taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain thing is from the new a‚Ä¶ "
"So many thoughts, So many choices, Maybe I'm wrong, All about this, Maybe I'll tell, Maybe I'll go, So many things,‚Ä¶ "
"so i cut myself and my ex boyfriend came and found me and i guess he saved my life because i was on my own and blee‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love, one taught my patience, and one taught me pain, now I‚Äôm so amazing "
"Want to know where chiropractors fit in Americans‚Äô treatment of neck and back pain? Check out the latest Gallup-Pal‚Ä¶ "
"@RyanCostello I feel your pain. America feels your pain. We aren‚Äôt in any position to do anything about the bully t‚Ä¶ "
"Thanks @tmr_alternative for the Retweet Ì†ΩÌ≤ö here are some well researched ways to cope with your #EmotionalPain. Here‚Ä¶ "
"@beano1968 Pain pain x"
"@iSyedShahzaibB 3rd open nahi ho rahie the Mjhe laga Johnny sins hai pain ma Ì†ΩÌπÑÌ†ΩÌ∏Ç"
"Just wish all the pain would go away"
"For all those fighting the pain of (often invisible) pain associated with #arthritis I'm declaring myself‚Ä¶ "
"Had to sip this mud to make the pain go away"
"The worst pain : getting your braces tightened Ì†ΩÌ∏ñ"
"The Johnsons in the order of our birth and as you can see my sister Karen Elizabeth Johnson is the middle child and‚Ä¶ "
"Note for people going to Burbank to tell Lana their struggle, please remember she is not a receptacle for your pain‚Ä¶ "
"Tonight's live webinar presented by Dr Nadine Khawaja starts in 30 minutes "
"@aIrightpotter ONE TAUGHT ME PAIN ONE TAUGHT ME PAIN ONE TAUGHT ME PAIN"
"Painting the pain away | BlomFite Banter: "
"#Neuritis symptoms include pain, paresthesia, paresis, hypoesthesia, anesthesia, paralysis, wasting, and disappearance of the reflexes."
"There are different types of #pain, and they can be difficult to recognize. Learn about different symptoms that may‚Ä¶ "
"I fought the pain, a long time. I tried a lot and i failed."
"Well.... I just tried to take off what I thought was mascara and purple eyeshadow.... it was my eyelid.. I am just in pain... fml"
"Suffer from #Fibromyalgia? Cryotherapy #PoweredByImpact may be able to help: "
"Cunts for the pain "
"Kabala must align us with ecstasy, rather than pain."
"Much of our pain or misery in life stems from our own outlook towards the situation. A paralyzed person can also be‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love One taught me patience  And one taught me pain "
"@CitlalliGuarda8 If anything photoshop taught me love... how could that ever cause someone pain!"
"While it must have been a pain for manufacturing @INFINITIUSA Design knocked it out of the park with the styling of‚Ä¶ "
"@BoschPuja98 @DrBangtan1 MTE!! Watch his face RIGHT before he pulls out the earpiece. It's all scrunched up, the co‚Ä¶ "
"@Dummblondtwitch I have an entire window of 30+ tabs of stream friends that I randomly click through and interact w‚Ä¶ "
"@bad_takes So dismissive of Americans‚Äô pain"
"Fuck that they all taught me pain. "
"@ArianaGrande one taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain "
"one taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain"
"how she handles pain, that shits amazing"
"(If this needs to be said def no stream tonight, btw. Talking is only pain right now. :( )"
"one taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain #StarTrek #humor #parody #TOS "
"Oh me I‚Äôm calm She no do me harm  Edey pain me give am  Cos ego take do am  #KakalikaLove"
"One taught me, love, one taught me patience, and one taught me pain. Now, I'm so amazing"
"one taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain"
"@JosepHarding All of them taught me pain.. Gosh this series was cringey as fuck.. dropped it ages ago"
"At this point I wanna give up, but I know there is a way out, I keep my pain to myself but it‚Äôs time to let it out...."
"Fuck do you know ‚Äòbout my pain?"
"i watched thank u next right in schooollll and mannnnnnnnn my heart was so sad i could feel her pain. something wasent jus right."
"Simon Harris defends his #UnjustBill by saying \"The people have spoken\".   Because people voted Yes does not mean t‚Ä¶ "
"@maddow Boy he has got arude awakening coming.. this House will be a pain in his behind."
"One taught me love One taught me patience And one taught me pain @ArianaGrande #ThankUNext "
"How she handles pain, that shit‚Äôs amazing"
"@JNFletcha Thank you, and I feel your pain too. Self evaluations are the worst."
"Ì†ΩÌªëStop putting advertisements on my car. The ink keeps bleeding onto my windshield and it is a pain to scrape off... please and thank you."
"@WeblockApp Thanks for getting back to me. Yep that is true. Such a pain website would work if they moved away from‚Ä¶ "
"@JasonWerbowski What's going on Jason? You can never lose what was never yours.  Trust me the pain will dissipate w‚Ä¶ "
"I'm so tired of everyone making love this excruciatingly painful thing we should avoid at all costs. Y'all only kno‚Ä¶ "
"‚ÄúPain is pain.‚Äù @HouseofCards"
"3 weeks post surgery! Sirius is very excited to have worked up to a 12 minute walk in the mornings - no swelling an‚Ä¶ "
"pain x @YungeenAce Ì†ΩÌ≤ì realest song!"
"@FearTWD_UK @TheWalkingDead @garretdillahunt @daniel_sharman @Burlion14 \"one taught me pain\""
"I know the hellish undescribable pain #CFS #Fibromyalgia patients suffer. I got cured and I'm alive helping folks l‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love,  One taught me patience,  One taught me pain.   thank you, next ‚ù§Ô∏è "
"@SALEES_SG Ì†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏Ç guy the thing pain me"
"As the creatures Nagato summoned with the Animal Path were pierced with chakra receivers, much like his Six Paths o‚Ä¶ "
"Learn how to prevent pain while using your laptop and how to use time management to combat workplace stress with ou‚Ä¶ "
"@weeaboowitch I was thinking for your oshis lately it's one taught me pain One taught me pain One taught me pain"
"My patients grade 3 AC separation. Ì†ΩÌπÉ Would you guess that he has no pain?? And why?? ‚Äî #physicaltherapy‚Ä¶ "
"@lovehrought stock up on pudding and soft food and smoothie mixes. and pain meds. and movies. take the time to heal."
"@PursueArete I won‚Äôt even be mad anymore. Just sad and in pain lol"
"chest pain as it finest"
"What did I do to deserve so much pain and sadness right now like fuckkkk."
"We‚Äôre all addicted to something that takes the pain away x_x"
"@USAA_help @ThumperNM Why aren't you standing up for the ones. That aren't getting thier pain addressed, why aren't‚Ä¶ "
"I woke up with so much pain today so i took too pills they are so strong i usually take one know I‚Äôm in class i cant keep my eyes open"
"@peachbunnii The definition of diabetes lmao also that Jonathan must‚Äôve been a pain in the butt for your younger self Ì†ΩÌ∏Ç"
"one taught me love  one taught me patience  one taught me pain"
"God is shifting you from your pain to pleasure. He‚Äôs shifting you from a test to a testimony.  Pastor Joseph Day3 #SHIFT #EWCHOEC18"
"My teeth is hurting so much I cried earlier bruv this time when they removed my wisdom tooth it HURT bruv, it bleed‚Ä¶ "
"Shock is better than pain. Self inflicted pain by entertaining boys is long and tedious. We must remain safe at all‚Ä¶ "
"So pain education does not alter the trajectory of acute LBP. Another thing to add to the list that includes exerci‚Ä¶ "
"Pain. ."
"@JacobAWohl @djwilliams35 He‚Äôs screwing over millions of seniors and disable citizens with is lies of prescription‚Ä¶ "
"it‚Äôs to the point where the pain numbÌ†ΩÌ∏ì"
"Confession  Yes I m a failure Yes I m frustrated  Yes I was rejected Yes I can't share my pain to anyone Yes I m ug‚Ä¶ "
"@ArianaGrande how she handles pain that shits amazing"
"God is wonderful,I beat sickle cell anaemia,i defeat sickle cell crisis,I defeat pain and now am about to reach the‚Ä¶ "
"You can feel the pain when you look at me ion gotta say it but god got me #MentalHealthAwareness "
"One brought me love One brought me patience One brought me pain "
"@nissie Ouch. I've also been experiencing jaw pain."
"Ive been crying because this pain doesn‚Äôt go away; the most uncomfortable feeling!"
"I don't know why but I'm suddenly in excruciating pain."
"@distrustallgov @barrydsmith1966 @1baldchick Brain fog is getting better but I‚Äôm still exhausted and in pain after‚Ä¶ "
"if you were interested, this is the old piece I'm referencing that has now been fixed you're welcome  "
"pain is a good exercise "
"claim they my family but don‚Äôt understand my pain."
"One taught me love.  One taught me patience.  One taught me pain. "
"Bloody fireworks again tonight. Pain in the arse."
"@ceeRoo_7 @Bgben_ @Rexomania01 But that thing dey pain waa, seriously Ì†ΩÌ∏í"
"i want my tongue pierced so bad but ion think i can take that pain Ì†ΩÌ∏©"
"a heart full of pain, head full of stress"
"Even if the Stoddard would be responsible for me and three or to another name: the pain."
"@TheLedbetter1 @ChiefsReporter It‚Äôs painful but other players play through it. He has been day to day for two month‚Ä¶ "
"Bitch I‚Äôm in so much pain"
"New gene-therapy eases chronic pain in dogs‚Äîhuman trials underway "
"This literally is pain i wanna die please please please save me"
"You don‚Äôt know pain until you have to force your heart to stop loving someone Ì†ΩÌ≤îÌ†ΩÌ≤î"
"@ArianaGrande I‚Äôve learn from the pain"
"@zibahfairooz I have a high pain tolerance so not sure if my opinion counts lol. Does it hurt? Yes. It is excruciat‚Ä¶ "
"Go pain! "
"T pain why do you feel u have to explain yourself to the internet ... like your T-Pain ... fuck them "
"When @russdiemon said ‚Äòtake All my pain away, don‚Äôt give it back, I‚Äôm begging youÌ†ΩÌ≤îÌ†ΩÌ∏≠‚Äô I felt it."
"@RealEnkay47 @Tragiclee11 I know the place your coming from brother with the dad part anyway, but ment exactly as t‚Ä¶ "
"@JandM68 Dont know what ya mean Ì†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏Ç. Yep had that to 6 fays that last ouch feel ya pain. X"
"Had a long convo w/ a trucker last night. When I asked how he felt, He desrcibed immense back pain that he and all‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love. one taught me patience. one taught me pain."
"@Scraton_Music Tommy I feel your pain"
"you'd think that as a beginner haskeller/purescripter, most of the time you puzzle over monad transformer stacks or‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain oh wait "
"How she handles pain that shits amazing"
"Nothing worse than back pain Ì†ΩÌ∏©"
"Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever."
"Medicinal Marijuana is a controversial topic known to help with pain relief and even some Cancers! Now, further sup‚Ä¶ "
"God's Purpose in Your Pain / Pastor Paul Zander / Heritage Baptist Church: "
"This truly breaks my Ì†ΩÌ≤î! This is that bs that touches you @ your core...to hear the pain in her voice when speaking‚Ä¶ "
"This pain is crazy it's now moved into my teeth that is this"
"I‚Äôve learned from the pain and turned out amazing"
"@reshn22x  working out pain or just pain pain?x"
"doctor: do you know what might be causing your neck pain? me: nope  also me: *dramatically hair flips to idsb 13x a day*"
"I stand Jim Acosta because I'm the educated, the elite, the non addicted to pain pills like those trumpkins that ar‚Ä¶ "
"Hope you forgive me fa the pain that I brung ya"
": When I don‚Äôt want a dollar cab/van they won‚Äôt stop honking, when I actually need one (twisted ankle and currently‚Ä¶ "
"@natlouiseex I didn't bother to revise that for the exam, doesn't seem to come up often. I guess you need to know i‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love. One taught me patience. One taught me pain "
"@GloWorldGH Your internet's been nothing but a pain in the ass all day. It's been off for almost an hour. Use the s‚Ä¶ "
"Want some relaxation? Come down to Detox Spot on Brookhurst St. to treat yourself with some professional massages f‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love,  one taught me patience,  and one taught me pain   #OnePiece once a One Piece fan, always a One‚Ä¶ "
"Absolutely. "
"Body pain ho rahi hai need rest Ì†ΩÌ∏≠"
"@asal_vomit Man I wish it had that big of an effect on me but w fibromyalgia it‚Äôs kind of like.. a 10% improvement on my pain"
"@MikomiHokina Pain me...  I'm yours!!!!! Ì†ΩÌπå"
"One taught me love, one taught me patience, and one taught me pain @theofficenbc "
"I find it highly offensive to have a video instantly demonetized for no reason just because AUTOMATED SYSTEM says s‚Ä¶ "
"@pigeon_island Pleased to hear that. Nothing worse than problems with your teeth. Hope the pain settles down soon."
"@Simona_box Extreme pain than dead that's a good redemption for kunal!!"
"51% improvement in function after 12 months in a multi-disciplinary treatment of chronic non-cancer pain and cross‚Ä¶ "
"why the fuck am i in so much pain"
"#iThoughtIwasLovedUntil MTN took free Twitter away Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ≤îthat pain "
"one taught me love, one taught me patience, and one taught me pain"
"@RedTRaccoon @VICE @DianaTourjee I really appreciated your podcast. I found your explanation of why Transgendered p‚Ä¶ "
"@julie_kelly2 Is there any security at these briefings? This guy is truly being a pain in the ass he needs to be ou‚Ä¶ "
"@bxthstewart Feel ur pain"
"@jojo_nicole77 You take all my pain away with the way you look at me baby"
"I NEVER FELT PAIN LIKE THIS Ì†ΩÌ∏î"
"We hurt the ones we love because of our pain."
"Such a pain in the arse being weak"
"Cant believe that I would staring to the ceiling again at this hour &amp; feeling this excruciating chest pain like i'd two years ago."
"@sarahhella @DelaneyJaret Abortion is the the removal of a bundle of cells. You‚Äôre not murdering babies. A fetus ca‚Ä¶ "
"listen, i understand that everyone wants to get in and that they have places to be in time but when you see a compl‚Ä¶ "
"A new filling popped off when I was brushing my teeth. Not sure what to do, but I don't really want to go back to t‚Ä¶ "
"having this much back/neck pain at 23 is actually ridiculous"
"When they said ‚ÄúThe 4,5,&amp; 6 trains taught me pain‚Äù I felt that. "
"$KLAC Max Pain is 85.00 for maturity 11/16/2018. #maxpain #options "
"@Yasminn_D guess which one caused the pain? "
"I can feel the pain behind that 'Lol' Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏Ç "
"@kerriecowan Let the pain go stop holding on to it"
"Pain...."
"@LilithLovett No pain no gain"
"The all taught me pain honestly "
"Y‚Äôall think pain/loss is necessary for growth? As in, do you think that you‚Äôve got to loss something or fail to gro‚Ä¶ "
"nah Premier definitely taught me pain LMAO we gotta revise this "
"@ROYALMRBADNEWS They seem to have no idea what‚Äôs about to happen. Or they are trying to make sure their base doesn‚Äô‚Ä¶ "
"@StevenBeschloss This tells me that Child Donald is really feeling the pain from his anger and fear from knowing th‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love                                  one taught me patience                           one taught me‚Ä¶ "
"LIVE NOW on #PUBG  So, I'm.getting closer to the goal of dual PC's, my 7700k is great but certain games are a pain‚Ä¶ "
"seeing your bf cry is a whole different type of pain..."
"Listen to 2Pac - Pain (feat. Stretch) (Original Version) by "
"@alesiavsworld My reality, nothing I say will ever be enough for them to self reflect and account for the damage do‚Ä¶ "
"@coleyworld ROTFL. I feel your pain!! Ì†æÌ¥£Ì†æÌ¥£Ì†æÌ¥£ And I knew exactly what you meant!"
"I fought the pain for a long time I tried a lot and I failed but now it's time to excel! @iamkevingates"
"@Munya_Ra @TSean17 the hope you guys have for United is inspiring but embarrassing Ì†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏Ç like I‚Äôm tired of feeling you‚Ä¶ "
"@harbinger_6 - her. A wife. A child. He hasn‚Äôt always been so gruff* I‚Äôm sorry. It‚Äôs.. *she sighs, realising how th‚Ä¶ "
"Dream Theater - Take Away My Pain "
"Woke up to the most excruciating pain in my arm LN, Fucked with me major was considering hacking it off with a kitchen knife Ì†ΩÌ∏≠"
"Petit Pain/Piccolo Rolls.... Fresh out the oven baybayyy!!! Can your wifey ever???? Nahh!! Ì†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏ù   #chefzeelicioussss‚Ä¶ "
"I fought the pain for a long time, I tried a lot and I failed  But now it's time to excel"
"Strain: Grape Ape   Indica Dominant Hybrid - 90% Indica / 10% Sativa THC: 18% - 21% Effect: Euphoria, Happy,Relaxin‚Ä¶ "
"@NameOfTheMaster I used to commute out of London to Bournemouth every day, I know your pain"
"@Naamenism I've been there.  Chest pain can be lots of things, almost all fixable.  Best wishes."
"One taught me love One taught me patience One taught me pain  #GiantsPride "
"for the next musical episode Kara can sing Ì†ºÌæ∂Ì†ºÌæ§ one taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain Ì†ºÌæ∂Ì†ΩÌ∏Ç‚Ä¶ "
"I've got so much love  Got so much patience  I've learned from the pain  I turned out amazing  I've loved and I've‚Ä¶ "
"They‚Äôre a pain "
"he taught her love he taught her patience he taught her pain "
"@RANK10YGO all i got from zexal was the pain of a bad series so that one definitely teaches pain"
"@AndAwllThatJazz Mmmmm. nick caused pain for Jess. BUT Schmidt caused pain for Cece. But we can agree Winston is 100000% love"
"@purplegator69 That's 90% of what she did today - concentrated on the adhesions from my appendectomy. Then did tapi‚Ä¶ "
"You supposed to be my happy place when im dealing with all this pain ‚òîÔ∏è"
"I doubt I'll ever be a marijuana smoker. But it's high time we decriminalize a relatively harmless substance that w‚Ä¶ "
"@geojlc Yikes! That's no fun! I'm glad that it all worked out, though, even if it probably was a royal pain."
"one thought me love, one thought me patience and one thought me pain "
"@ddelagarzamtz where‚Äôs blender....that one taught us patience &amp; pain.... "
"@_Au_Ra yea yea laugh at my pain Ì†ΩÌπÑÌ†ΩÌ∏Ç"
"One taught me love, One taught me patience, One taught me pain. "
"@Farmer_MindBody But that seems to be what David Butler suggested on noijam some time ago. Took me by surprise.‚Ä¶ "
"I explained my pain to you and you broke me more Ì†ΩÌ≤î"
"incoming pain! "
"@sheIIiana one taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain "
"@edin_thinker been there. I share your pain. Bakhtin was my saviour, but he may not work for you..."
"Admit to yourself that you‚Äôre in pain, allow yourself to suffer because healing begins with accepting your reality"
"Pain, but I won‚Äôt let it turn into hate"
"@sophiesophuk I don‚Äôt even live with James yet and that is my life! Ì†æÌ¥¶Ì†ºÌøΩ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è I feel your pain Soph!"
"#Pain doesn't last #forever.  But the return you get back from it is much more #greater #focused on #Growth.‚Ä¶ "
"I will learn from the pain, and I will turn out amazing."
"These all have only taught me pain "
"@JoshuaplaysPKMN I feel ur pain not one shiny "
"one taught me love, one taught me patience and one taught me pain "
"When white girls get box braids all I can do is laugh like 1. Y‚Äôall were probably scammed 2. They won‚Äôt last long b‚Ä¶ "
"@LucyWins2018 CONGRATS!  Your win eased the pain over Stacey, Andrew and Beto.  Go get em Lucy!"
"@thagudthief She launched her book and got married last month. I don't know how to describe the pain."
"even if ur happiness is my pain"
"@codedgift @TWEETORACLE The way a woman guides her real hair is similar to the way a man guides his money so it's a‚Ä¶ "
"There was only pain. Don‚Äôt lie "
"she handles pain, that shit amazin"
"One stop to get gas  One stop to pay a bill And four stops at stores for groceries... i'm finally done and in pain‚Ä¶ "
"a heart full of sorrow remembers all bound by logic the mind offers no solace for the soul so in the rhythm of ever‚Ä¶ "
"@TnTnGnB @IL0VEthe80s I was at my grandparents and had a friends pair of skates on. 2 sizes to big. It wasn't until‚Ä¶ "
"Never been through this before, what we learn is that we know everything will pass no matter how hard it is and how‚Ä¶ "
"Wow tough day in the office... low health literacy, low self efficacy, poor lifestyle choices, ‚Äúcrumbling spines‚Äù,‚Ä¶ "
"No longer does the pain have to be my predominant motivation.  Now my vision pulls me into positive action every da‚Ä¶ "
"Are you tried of living in pain? Have you hurt for so long that you have almost forgotten what pain free feels like‚Ä¶ "
"@SadieEsperanto Alieve PM. Will knock you out and it usually gets rid of my pain for like 10 hours"
"One taught me love One taught me patience One taught me pain  @Wendys @BurgerKing @ChipotleTweets "
"A pain-taking nomadic Jewish magician &amp; diva rabbit BFF arrive in Berlin to fix 4 people. A mysterious redhead at h‚Ä¶ "
"all the love-patience-pain tweets I‚Äôve seen so far are triGGERING ME SO BAD GOOD GOD I WANNA CRY"
"In so much pain I just want to curl up in a ball n cry"
"se terminou, fala das cenas nices que ele(a) te ensinou durante o namoro tipo Ariana em #thankyounext  ‚Äú... one tau‚Ä¶ "
"Want you to help me change fr, ain‚Äôt speaking on my past bc I‚Äôm tryna lose that pain fr, like bae this ain‚Äôt a game fr .."
"I can totally feel the pain meds kicking in Ì†ΩÌ∏ú"
"@ravensspirit68 Epitome of pathetic &amp;scapegoat! This poor ladies pain doctors self talk: if I sign a deal where I c‚Ä¶ "
"@dmarlar08 Nope. My father is addicted to pain medicines and has been for years because he has herniated and bulgin‚Ä¶ "
"having a forgiving heart and always looking for the good in people is a real pain."
"@ali She should have done what soccer players do:an exaggerated reaction. She should have created some drama,like h‚Ä¶ "
"Guys will never understand the pain a girl goes through after a break up."
"4‚É£A friend is someone who genuinely shares in your joy &amp; pain. 5‚É£A Friend is someone who is optimistic about your d‚Ä¶ "
"@SoCalEdgyGal My only wish is for #Kavanaugh accusers is to experience the same pain and embarrassment that almost‚Ä¶ "
"After Watching #Case video by @tenientertainer I decided to Speak for the Guy cos I knew why he did what he did. \"L‚Ä¶ "
"ok so its only 8:30 but im still in so much pain that i think im gonna go to sleep now :( goodnight "
"pain persists"
"pain is so frequent for me "
"Often parents try to protect children from pain and hardship. It is not always possible to do so‚Äînor, I... "
"@anamabbas_ PROPS I can't go through all that pain again for another few years lmao"
"Failure gave me strength . Pain was my motivation"
"I am in so much pain wtf is this"
"Bring the drugs baby I can bring my pain I got my heart right here, I got my scars right here...Ì†ºÌæ∂"
"one taught me love one taught me patience  one (two) taught me pain "
"@Katamac1967 @DanLairdMD @Walgreens @cvspharmacy Pain docs fax scripts in now. Have for months. I guess they don‚Äôt‚Ä¶ "
"@jess_kingsleyx True but the first two are beautiful cathartic pain and the third is \"wait, why is this a western now?\" pain"
"@CRTV OMG! LOOK AT HER FACE!!!! SHE'S IN SO MUCH PAIN FROM HIS VIAL ATTACK! IF SHE HAD A GUN SHE SHOULDA SHOT HIM!!! #Sarcasm"
"@BrittCiccone Looks like he's constantly in pain... that would suck."
"one taught me love. one taught me patience. one taught me pain. #thankunext ! "
"Watch Honey and Clover  it teaches love, patience, and pain  especially pain "
"'Every day, every hour turn the pain into power'"
"@AarRogan @marktigheST When will our ‚Äòjustice‚Äô practitioners accept rape is about power and pain‚Ä¶ "
"@lmmmmm_ @gothforbid @_ayme Women are more ignored when they go to the doctor for pain because we exagerate or they‚Ä¶ "
"I just read that prop 2 passed? Marijuana has always been one of two things that have ever helped the symptoms of m‚Ä¶ "
"I‚Äôve learned from the pain, turned out amazing"
"@talie_amora I can‚Äôt be in pain all the time with no rub down smh."
"Stubbing your toe is the worst pain EVER! Feel like ive broke it Ì†ΩÌ∏≠"
"Purple Crystal  Awareness Ribbon -ADD ADHD Alzheimer's Disease Chronic &amp; Acute Pain- Fits all Designer and European‚Ä¶ "
"I‚Äôm used to pain ain‚Äôt shit new to me ."
"@pennyrucker1 And a rock feels no pain And an island never cries"
"Sunday: lots of walking. Monday: yoga workout interrupted by phone call from kate because she missed her bus. Yeste‚Ä¶ "
"Some day this pain will be useful."
"one taught me pain"
"Trying to convince my dad to sell me his R6 is a huge pain in the ass"
"@SimoneAlexa That's that ENERGY! Ì†ΩÌ∏Ç"
"@Rachels_Ratchet More pain, more joy, great mum.Ì†ºÌΩª"
"@corgratech @october_31 @tgingher @JackPosobiec Some people can‚Äôt see what is obviously there - I‚Äôve seen soccer pl‚Ä¶ "
"Has anyone ever tried to feel the heart wrenching pain experienced by  the mother of those courageous fighters, who‚Ä¶ "
"@ariel94lopez OKAY, BUT THAT PAIN IS SO REAL"
"Honestly the pain of doing a spin class the day after doing a spinning class is something else"
"Add I actually love the Los Angeles Dodgers even though they cause me a lot of pain. "
"Point scoring Ì†ΩÌ∏Ø Celtic child abuse was going on from 70s. Nothing do with the last 6 years ffs. Am stunned these fa‚Ä¶ "
"@__BlueTint Ì†ΩÌ∏Ç laugh at my pain its fine, enjoy your vac Ì†ΩÌπèÌ†ºÌøæÌ†ºÌºª"
"Being kind to people and hoping I can make someone smile helps me smile and forget about my pain...."
"@RitaAdubaBlog @iyaboawokoya Attestation certificate pain them pass"
"how does one go from pain pills to heroin? he musta had a problem before... "
"One taught me love One taught me patient  One taught me pain"
"@KaizerChiefs Watching this team is such a pain, they truly deserve to play in an empty stadium and to think we wen‚Ä¶ "
"@synchrominded @EngelAnica extra night shows and a few drugs to numb the pain..."
"@GregLehman The heart of narrative therapies (psychotherapy, therapeutic writing) is that we need to understand/dev‚Ä¶ "
"A lot of ‚Äúmarket irrational‚Äù tweets today. Funny. Also, last month a lot of equity bulls turned bearish because of‚Ä¶ "
"Well I can officially say my mammoth sized boobs can now be considered lethal weapons!  I woke up this morning in p‚Ä¶ "
"With Pain Comes Strength."
"I‚Äôve learned from the pain, and I turned out amazing #ThankUNext Ì†ΩÌ±åÌ†ºÌøΩÌ†ΩÌ≤ØÌ†ΩÌ¥• "
"I‚Äôm so young for to have so much pain"
"In New Vegas, we know the pain that numbers can bring us. Well so does Guy Mitchell, whose got "
"T pain want the smoke Ì†ΩÌ∏§Ì†ΩÌ∏§Ì†ΩÌ∏§ "
"My wisdom teeth got me in so much pain right now Ì†ΩÌ∏≠"
"Seek immediate medical attention if you experience #chestpain with #shortnessofbreath or jaw or arm pain. It can be sign of a #heartattack."
"i can‚Äôt even talk about it julian‚Äôs pain i can‚Äôt i can‚Äôt i can‚Äôt"
"One taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain. Happy #N7Day "
"One taught me love One taught me pain One taught me power "
"Worse feeling than a heartbreak, when you booty is aching in enormous pain Ì†ΩÌ∏£Ì†ΩÌ∏£"
"she taught me love, she taught me patience, how she handles pain that shit‚Äôs amazing"
"If Social Media Hashtags give you a headache because you don‚Äôt know how you should be using them, then keep reading‚Ä¶ "
"PS taught me love/ Ai patience/ Id pain, so much pain "
"10/10 think that besides pain, dizziness, weakness and sore throats, nausea is the worst symptom of M.E #actuallysickofit #fml #stop"
"Imagine if hogwarts was like a normal university and had off campus housing. \"Yeah I live in the complex across the‚Ä¶ "
"Are Orthoses Effective For Heel Pain?  By Bruce E. Williams, DPM "
"Voucher code Back Pain Help: ¬£50 "
"@PainWeek2018 @KimmeeKMiller @TheRebelPatient @PainNewsNetwork @ChronicPainDad @MyCaringFriend @PainDefeater‚Ä¶ "
"Is cutting your dog's nails a pain? Read this &gt;&gt;&gt; "
"one taught me love.  one taught me patience.  one taught me pain. "
"#udemy #udemyfree #udemycoupon #onlineclasses #onlinecourses #UdemyDiscount [100% Off] #Inflammation - The Hidden S‚Ä¶ "
"It‚Äôs crazy how much pain I be in wtf"
"One taught me pain  One taught me pain  I‚Äôm sure the next one will do the same"
"@glynbowerman Off the top of my head: reduces spam significantly, builds a database for leads, stops harassment att‚Ä¶ "
"@ChocoboCrossing I got Zurvan while tanking when it was only my second time doing that fight I feel your pain ~_~"
"@midwifeandlife I‚Äôm on the pain killers. I‚Äôm still at work so not hot water bottle...not sure I have one actually.‚Ä¶ "
"I have actual back pain problems and the root cause is fuckin carrying shopping bags home when I‚Äôve not got me granny trolley"
"@KatiePavlich wow she looks like she's in excruciating pain! you should make sure she sees a doctor for all her injuries."
"my neck hurtd like a bitch again its such a pain to take a shit"
"@NiallOfficial I'm already in bed when this happens, but yeah, it sucks. It means I'll end up wasting 2-4hrs trying‚Ä¶ "
"I'm so confused so hard to choose, between the pleasure and the pain"
"Dammit! You're all such a pain in the ass! I'll kill you, just like I did those other ones!"
"For those who don‚Äôt want to read a whole book, here is an important part of mine in 800 words :)  #painkillers‚Ä¶ "
"Young Girl Is Hospitalized for Stomach Pain. Then Mom Realizes It's Caused by School Bully "
"@ashleytomberlin I feel your pain i was diagnosed with severe bronchitis last night hope you get better."
"This back pain is no joke never in my life! Ì†æÌ¥ß"
"@YOONSEOKlE let's go!! pain! suffer!!!! "
"My shoulder is in soooo much pain today."
"@Thee121 @it_meirl_bot We call it \"drug\" when we use these substances that way, but when we use it in a bad manner‚Ä¶ "
"@Shehla_Rashid Glorification of human pain is condemnable. Even if we believe its justified. #KashmirIsIndia #IndiaIsKashmir"
"hentai 3d fairy tail porn sex party naked blonde girl orgasm porn anal pain frei sex girl fucking free porn films "
"Not being loved is the worst pain ever Ì†ΩÌ≤î"
"ONE TAUGHT ME LOVE  ONE TAUGHT ME PATIENCE  ONE TAUGHT ME PAIN "
"@EstiOSRS Usually happens when needle goes slightly wrong place when they take blood. Nothing to worry over but it‚Äô‚Ä¶ "
"actually patience goes to Alex Karev and pain goes to George O‚ÄôMalley but ok "
"Although practical backpacks can strain muscles and joints and may cause back pain if too heavy or used incorrectly. "
"@KLeCrone Keep it up!!! Sorry for the injections, pain is annoying."
"one taught me love, one taught me patience and one taught me pain, now i'm so amazing"
"@Yamiche He‚Äôs Too angry . . . So sorry you had to endure this. Ì†ΩÌ∏¢ for the pain I feel each time there‚Äôs a press conference."
"Honestly both Alucard and Trevor are pain so Ì†ΩÌ∏îÌ†ΩÌ≤î"
"\"Pain is never valid\" :)"
"@hinasafi It surely does but we can‚Äôt ever forget, can we? I am so sorry for your loss. I hope nobody ever feel this pain."
"@laraluzioleitao ‚ù§Ô∏è Lara, feeling not well Ì†ΩÌ∏≠ makes me not happy evil meanie pain to Lara best leave her alone Ì†ΩÌ∏† lea‚Ä¶ "
"Open Access UCL Research: First do no harm: pain relief for the peripheral venous cannulation of adults, a systemat‚Ä¶ "
"@eefeemcdaid @beautybay @MeltCosmetics @dianatbbrennan I feel your pain!"
"You taught me love You taught me patience You taught me pain "
"#3GoodThings 1)I passed my climbing wall instructor assessment - woo! 2)Audible meant my very slow journey to and f‚Ä¶ "
"\"Love - Just as it can give you great ecstasy. So can it cause you great pain\""
"@LazyLoathing @briuhnna snapchat memories cause the most pain Ì†æÌ¥ï"
"@The_names_percy WITH SHEER WILLPOWER AND IMMENSE AMOUNTS OF PAIN"
"One taught me Love One taught me Patience  One taught me Pain "
"one taught me pain one taught me pain and one taught me pain"
"‚ÄúOne taught me love ‚ù§Ô∏è .‚Äù ‚ÄúOne taught me patience.‚Äù ‚ÄúOne taught me pain.‚Äù  Which one are you?"
"MY DEBUT POETRY BOOK IS NOW AVAILABLE! "
"@shannonrhine ya i heard it can either minimize the pain by a lot or completely take it away"
"I got your back feel the same pain together"
"Did anyone do the \"one taught me love, patience, pain\" meme with Cooper, Dougie and Mr. C yet"
"@chronic_spoonie I‚Äôm so sorry!  I wish I had a Michigan spoonie to connect you with.  Ì†æÌ¥ó"
"No they all taught me fucking pain "
"I've been sick going on two weeks now. I've been up through the night coughing and generally a real pain in the ass‚Ä¶ "
"@badassesthandle I will sure love their scream from pain in the exams Ì†ΩÌ∏éÌ†ΩÌ∏éÌ†ΩÌ∏é"
"Took the pain and the ache when it came with it"
"24‚Ä¢4‚Ä¢2018‚Äì 7‚Ä¢11‚Ä¢2018 (first official pic vs last pic)  It‚Äôs was a big fun ride, now into bigger and better things‚Ä¶ "
"Pain caused by a heartbreak come and go but its impact to you stays and that could either be positive or negative.‚Ä¶ "
"@DrIshMajor Yes, then while focusing on myself healing from abuse, an angel blessed me with true love when I least‚Ä¶ "
"@OhEmmeG Me, sharing a Mae approved/edited Crack Poll at your services: "
"one taught me love  one taught me patients  one taught me pain"
"The pain... the pleasure... and the shame all drive me crazy.\"  Misaki Takahashi"
"Ì†ºÌæ∂ Bring your love baby, I can bring my shame.. Bring the drugs baby, I can bring my pain"
"@BuodaKasali The call caught me unawares. E pain me."
"got so much love, got so much patience. i learned from the pain, turned out amazing "
"Poor kid must have really bad joint pain "
"@epidemic_pain @KateyAnthony lost opportunity so I guess"
"i‚Äôve learnt from the pain, turnt out amazing Ì†ΩÌ∂§"
"This is the most pain I've been in, in a long time."
"Don't give way to the abortion fraternity not one little bit. Removal of a Foetus to save a mother's life is the on‚Ä¶ "
"@realDonaldTrump Alot seen it with there own eye- and the lied about it! Im not into games or liars- they have to t‚Ä¶ "
"@glockthotty Atleast you‚Äôre still pretty &amp; have a great sense of humour to joke thru the pain Ì†æÌ¥óÌ†ΩÌ≤ó"
"one thought me love. one thought me patience. one thought me pain. "
"No pain no gain! Ì†ΩÌ¥•Ì†ΩÌ≤™ "
"i just thought everyone should know that yahir broke my hand today and i'm in genuine pain my pinky is swollen"
"It‚Äôs to the point where the pain numb .."
"Taking away pain ain‚Äôt easy, that‚Äôs why I fire up the bleezy."
"Understanding Pain in less than five minutes (English subtitles) "
"@PursueArete The eyes water up IMMEDIATELY! Can‚Äôt see. Insta-pain. I‚Äôm out. Good day."
"@Hakunah_ It‚Äôs tolerable pain wise by no means is it fun though. It was the first one I‚Äôve had done and I have about 40 hours of work"
"@finallygarvie My head dey pain me sef"
"Half a century of Carrow Road pain will add fuel to the Millwall fire against City "
"I am TOO YOUNG to feel this much back pain what the fuck!!!!"
"@nochujikook I DID THIS TODAY I didn't cry but the lord knows my heart was in pain"
"@FlorianHollandt is talking about our game \"Brain Pain\" Ì†ΩÌ≤™ "
"One taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain.  Accurate af."
"@epidemic_pain @KateyAnthony it would be awesome to have Akali neon in the smoke and if any K / DA passed too or in another way"
"YES! Can‚Äôt express this enough. Please be kind to the person carrying your child regardless of any bs you got going‚Ä¶ "
"You know you‚Äôve been thru too much when you don‚Äôt even feel anything anymore you‚Äôre just numb to the pain"
"WHAT IS ABOUT TO HAPPEN?  THINK JUSTICE  PAIN COMING   THOSE THAT KNOW CAN'T SLEEP  TRUST THE PLAN  WWG1WGA  #QANON‚Ä¶ "
"You cause hell in my life? You disturb my peace? You bring me emotional pain? And you think we good?? Lmaoo negative chief..."
"I feel no pain when I be high &amp; I be fresher than a bitch!!"
"‚ÄúI wake up thinking of yesterday. The joy is in remembering; the pain is in knowing it was yesterday.‚Äù . . .‚Ä¶ "
"@alexanderchee Hey Walker, that sharp pain in your backside? It‚Äôs your own law biting you in the ass.‚Ä¶ "
"asian street meat hentai hd american pussy orgasm movies voyeur beach huge nipples cum in throat mature orgy anal p‚Ä¶ "
"@Breaking911 The trap is set, is everybody in, now the show is ready to begin.   Bring On The Pain! #BOTP!   #WWG1WGA"
"@John_A_Lee @MilwaukeePPC @michellemsem Ì†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†æÌ¥£Ì†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†æÌ¥£Ì†ΩÌ∏Ç laughing so hard. I feel your pain because ruining your own joke is thee worst!"
"@TheDiakou Personally I‚Äôve met so many arrogant doctors acting like they‚Äôre better than anyone because of their job‚Ä¶ "
"@theUnyieldingWN I feel your pain. Esp. with that jackass who was baiting you by pretending he didn‚Äôt know what you‚Ä¶ "
"All of them taught me pain. "
"I feel like i need them but at the same time but they caused me so much pain and trauma i don‚Äôt know  I‚Äôll probably decide later"
"one taught me love one taught me patient one taught me pain"
"I don't give 2 fucks about michael and his corinthos pain! I'm team brad a hundred percent, fuck the corinthos! #gh"
"One taught me love One taught me patience One taught me pain  Larry edition porque lo tienen todo. "
"@jennycohn1 @Mikel_Jollett .@BrianKempGA is not to be trusted. I wouldn't trust that lying sack of shit as far as I‚Ä¶ "
"@_vanessamariexo lexie &amp; mark a whole different level of hurt and pain Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠‚ù§Ô∏è"
"@Julius_S_Malema @Our_DA I don't think this will have effect though,bcoz the remaining metros are headed by blacks‚Ä¶ "
"I wanna feel someones pain, his/her struggle.. send me some grinder TunesÌ†æÌ¥≤Ì†ºÌøΩ"
"I am not gonna lie. Charlie had a horrible night for pain. He is not liking this at all  Ì†ΩÌ∏´Ì†ΩÌ∏´Ì†ΩÌ∏´Ì†ΩÌ∏´Ì†ΩÌ∏´Ì†ΩÌ∏´ Wanna keep ya updated"
"Frame 3 def taught me love and pain Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠ "
"I carry the pain in my heart Ì†ΩÌ≤î."
"‚ÄúVisualize yourself older and looking back. What‚Äôs the pain from not achieving, and what is the pleasure from havin‚Ä¶ "
"just because I‚Äôm strong enough to handle pain,doesn‚Äôt mean I deserve it."
"One taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain @UltralightJ "
"@BachhaGormint Ismail bhai ek meme i taught me love patience pain wali nawaz sharif p ho jai bre rts milen gai."
"A lot of pain inna city that i come fromÌ†ΩÌ≤î We not the same you ain‚Äôt never have to struggleÌ†ΩÌπÖÌ†ºÌøæ‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è This ain‚Äôt no game‚Ä¶ "
"@MarkMayer2 Sadly nothing like that will help. This is a cracked tooth under a crown that has an infection at the b‚Ä¶ "
"Drawing symbols in the sand till my pain gone"
"turkish delight is so sexy"
"One taught me love One taught me patience And one taught me pain Now, I'm so amazing"
"one taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain Ì†ΩÌ∏îÌ†ΩÌ≤î "
"One taught me pain One taught me pain One taught me pain "
"@EarlJoey_ It's pain that give sense"
"One taught me love. One taught me patience. One taught me pain #wentworth "
"Women listening to ‚Äúthank u, next‚Äù and trying to think which of their own exes taught them love, which taught them‚Ä¶ "
"Our module on Managing Chronic Pain in the Elderly discusses the evidence-based management options for 4 common‚Ä¶ "
"If a covert government agency wants to take me away and turn me into a cyborg feel free cause I am SICK of my ricke‚Ä¶ "
"If I was to do a tweet of JB‚Äòs albums relating to ‚ÄùOne taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain‚Äú‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me Love One taught me patience  One taught me pain   All of my books are available on Amazon! ‚Äú27‚Äù is ou‚Ä¶ "
"Hhhe graph i phansi not even Signature invites are boosting morale to be active. Ja no being a woman is pain shame."
"My sister that pain is still better. It's the kind that makes you stronger‚ù§Ô∏è "
"@penguinmom Thank you so much Betsy! I‚Äôve been approved for a surgery (in January) that hopefully will alleviate th‚Ä¶ "
"$GWW high OI range is 400.00 to 287.50 for option expiration 11/09/2018 #maxpain #options "
"@JordyP24 damn. you taught me pain fr."
"Domestic Violence Awareness.  You don‚Äôt need to punch someone to inflict pain. Do not fool yourselves.  Verbal abus‚Ä¶ "
"The pain I'm currently in with my legs and back is ridiculous. If it's not migraines it's these fuckers Ì†ΩÌ∏©"
"‚ÄúForgiveness has nothing to do with absolving a criminal of his crime.  It has everything to do with relieving ones‚Ä¶ "
"@_daniellebong_ The pain seems so excruciating I don‚Äôt know what I‚Äôd do"
"@LotusFl63450259 I‚Äôm so sorry.  Sending hugs Ì†æÌ¥ó your way!"
"@mothermother's new album #danceandcry is a catchy meditation on moving through pain and sadness by not only embrac‚Ä¶ "
"@cjrmurphy1 Also from Florida and I feel your pain.  We cant give up, that's what the orange dotard wants.  We must‚Ä¶ "
"this back pain is the worst pain i‚Äôve ever felt Ì†ΩÌ∏£"
"OFTEN TIMES. PEOPLE WHO ARE MENTALLY DISTURBED, SUFFER WITH GREAT AMOUNTS IF PAIN.  IN THE EARLY DAYS, OF THE BIBLE‚Ä¶ "
"When college kids complain about back pain from sitting in class all day, if you don‚Äôt get your poo butt sissy lala‚Ä¶ "
"@jadeybabyxo Girl I hella feel your pain Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠"
"So protein shakes after a workout really do help with recovery! I‚Äôve been going to classes two or three days in a r‚Ä¶ "
"@edmnangagwa like seriously Mr president with all due respect,so we the citizens are the ones to feel the pain alon‚Ä¶ "
"@d1fastpitch1 @jjanney12 Ha! I know the pain. Just got an email about a trip to France for soccer this summer. Shew!"
"But also: it's huge progress for me to just purely enjoy someone and the esteem I hold them in without that always‚Ä¶ "
"God please take this pain and stress away and wrap your loving arms around me Ì†ΩÌπèÌ†ºÌøΩ ‚ù§Ô∏è"
"@CrashyNews In my opinion: Crash 2 = love Warped = patience Crash 1 = pain"
"Thanks to Dr. Karl Haake '90, who's presenting to sophomores today about stress and its impact on the developing ad‚Ä¶ "
"i know they ain‚Äôt feeling my pain"
"Strain: Gorilla Glue #4   Indica Dominant Hybrid - 60% Indica / 40% Sativa THC: 25% - 28%, CBN: 1% Effect: Body Hig‚Ä¶ "
"@elnoelleon Nope. Pretty sure they all taught me pain. Ì†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏©Ì†ΩÌ∏©Ì†ΩÌ∏©Ì†ΩÌ∏©"
"time to end our story of nightmare, time to fix what you‚Äôve destroyed. You‚Äôre an endless pain"
"@amvn90210 @STUinSD @POTUS @realDonaldTrump The Senate approves judges. Activist judges have been more of a pain th‚Ä¶ "
"But hey, I'm totally fine. It's not like everything is falling apart and my grades are showing the pain I'm constan‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love, One taught me patience, And one taught me pain #Pokemon "
"@AudreyHuva Pain is temporary"
"One taught me love  One taught me patience  One taught me pain Can‚Äôt get enough of this song ‚ô•Ô∏è‚ô•Ô∏è‚ô•Ô∏è‚ô•Ô∏è"
"Ì†ºÌæºOne taught me love One taught me patience And one taught me pain Now, I'm so amazing I've loved and I've lost But‚Ä¶ "
"Patient presented with chronic pain in Small intestine requesting X-Ray of Tunica Media"
"@NazrMatLgao U said u r pain killer not a painÌ†æÌ¥êÌ†æÌ¥î"
"@Sixlets821 @WhigsnTwigs @NBCNews @Acosta @realDonaldTrump Wait..she won't survive with this assault?!!! This parti‚Ä¶ "
"Dropping your pride to get left looking stupid another type of pain"
"One taught me Love                               One taught me Patience                         One taught me Pain "
"@BTSSBEDS Who needs sleep anyway Ì†ΩÌ∏≥Ì†ΩÌ≤ï "
"Do my parents realise I could be out sniffing beak every night but no I‚Äôm a pain in the ass for singing ‚Äúman I feel‚Ä¶ "
"@fatheralienated @AbolishThe @Keivaneenpapa @3littleducksoz @Catof9tails1 @PAspeaksout @Daddyduwsf @grotbags‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love. One taught me patience. And one taught me pain. "
"I haven‚Äôt felt pain like this since my razor scooter mashed up my ankle that one time"
"At some point in my life I know all this pain that I‚Äôm experiencing will be worth it. I just hope it ends soon."
"Five taught me love  One taught me patience One taught me pain "
"‚ÄúTo weary hearts, to mourning homes,  God's meekest Angel gently comes  No power has he to banish pain,  Or give us‚Ä¶ "
"She taught me love, she taught me patience, how she handles pain... that shit‚Äôs amazing.‚Ä¶ "
"@DrSueDVM @Truthseeker126 @jstines3 @Rise_Soar_BFree @NascarChuck336 @Feisty_FL @finy06 @FreedomChild3 @LeahR77‚Ä¶ "
"Was it real love? If you could just leave &amp; disappear like you did. Without giving US a chance. You say you did but‚Ä¶ "
"The only pain I‚Äôve ever felt immediately during a fight is the nose. Everything else catches up a few days later. M‚Ä¶ "
"@ddale8 You are a prince among men for continuing to deal with rallies and press conferences so that the rest of us‚Ä¶ "
"The best way to deal with pain is to accept it. THATS MY BESTFRIEND!"
"@realDonaldTrump If you doubt that what I tell you is True or that I took the Greatest pain for Jesus Christ becaus‚Ä¶ "
"No pain, No gain - Raheem &amp; Xamopee "
"@PeripateNic @BBC6MorningShow @laurenlaverne Born to Live has given me tingles twice in as many days. Immediately I‚Ä¶ "
"Gonna leave the pain behind, gonna leave the fools in line, gonna take the magic potion. -- Neil Young"
"@Richzeoli nitwit Mitt Romney will be a big fat pain in Trump‚Äôs ass the next 6 years."
"When your face is numb from booze, so are your feelings and physical pain. Too bad I gotta live like this because l‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love  one taught me patience and one taught me pain "
"@SE25A @Elainebks @catherinemep I take a slightly different line to Catherine here. There is annoyance with the UK‚Ä¶ "
"@midwifeandlife She hardly did anything to me. Moved my legs around to see what mobility I had, she felt my pubic b‚Ä¶ "
"@Sombaholic it's damn sad. Dexo died after giving birth Floret would not feel such pain as Esper. After all, Esper‚Ä¶ "
"@intheMatrixxx @POTUS WWG1WGA Ì†ΩÌ≤•They are about to feel the Full Force The PAIN. Enjoy the Show PatriotsÌ†ºÌ∑∫Ì†ºÌ∑∏WWG1WGA Ì†ºÌ∑∫Ì†ºÌ∑∏W‚Ä¶ "
"@libarts_bristol Just paracetamol! Pain is a lot less 24 hours later at least. Will be an annoying few weeks howeve‚Ä¶ "
"Omg Louis Theroux‚Äôs new doc about polyamory I feel so sorry for JERRY. I CAN SEE THE PAIN IN HIS EYES. HE IS NOT OK WITH THIS."
"If you've got ankle pain associated with running or know someone who does, then this video is meant for you! "
"I am in so much pain Ì†ΩÌ∏¢"
"One taught me happiness , One taught me pain, And one taught me patience "
"The school year is in full swing, which means your child's backpack might be a little hefty. We have some tips to p‚Ä¶ "
"Most common injuries we face are lower back pain, neck pain, ankle and knee pain. If you have a niggle that you jus‚Ä¶ "
"@brainadam_01 @firadangbe @seunny2020 Yes oo. E pain me say we didn't get to meet in that school. But you're a good man with a golden heart."
"pain = elon"
"one taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain                       @ArianaGrande "
"One taught me love, One taught me patience, One taught me pain, Now, I'm so amazing I've loved and I've lost But that's not what I see."
"@FREAKINWOKE My hubbies siblings and their spouses are all republicans. I feel your pain. I think people are just r‚Ä¶ "
"It absolutely breaks my heart to know the amount of pain your in and that there's no getting better this time...gra‚Ä¶ "
"Ogden support group tonight! Let's find ways to understand how the holidays affect us and what we can do to mitigate the pain."
"I want to tell every struggling Christian, ‚ÄúHold on! The Lord isn‚Äôt idle during your trials. He is actually storing‚Ä¶ "
"Me telling myself I can continue to ignore the searing pain in my knee until at least the beginning of the year "
"If I could like a day without being sick or in pain that would be gr8"
"i‚Äôm hashtag nervous and in pain"
"@leiascully Agreed! I picked up some CBD pain relief cream in Portland &amp; though it didn‚Äôt do much for me, my mom fi‚Ä¶ "
"I'm not right it's not fine  Last night long And there's something very much pain?  So here's your thrill, The night especially"
"@supernurtural 2/ scanned into a machine to be counted. That seems so secure to me, personally. Quick electronic co‚Ä¶ "
"The world will reflect your beliefs back at you. If you believe life is filled with pain and struggle, that's exactly what it's going to be."
"@ilovephotocall @tompetrilla You are correct they target my testicles with microwave frequencies to cause extreme pain and permanent danage"
"Oliver be like Ì†ºÌæ∂Ì†ºÌæ§ one taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain Ì†ºÌæ∂Ì†ΩÌ∏Ç @StephenAmell @MzKatieCassidy "
"my soul is in so much pain"
"@toffeetezza Who wouldn't want that for their loved ones, instead of fear, pain, confusion.. #RIPNoreen"
"Look at you now! You used to be lost, didn‚Äôt know if you mattered in this world, lacked confidence in yourself and‚Ä¶ "
"@VsilvaVinicius @KateyAnthony Don't count on it"
"@ohjadeine Joe taught me pain when he loved Demi Lovato instead of me in camp rock"
"the actual pain of realising you‚Äôve left conditioner in your hair AFTER you‚Äôve dried it Ì†ΩÌπÑ"
"each year at uni taught me one thing. First year taught me love, second year taught me patience, third year taught me pain x"
"@NBCSBulls Rose should be love, Noah patience and Butler or any bum the Bulls have had could be pain!"
"She taught me love She taught me patience  How she handles pain  That shit's amazing I've loved and I've lost But t‚Ä¶ "
"@zhurg_ obviously t pain no question"
"Best Graphene Heated Neck Wrap for Pain Relief in¬†Therapy "
"@MsSalvy03 @jimkentr16 @realDonaldTrump Melissa, I do not get offended or hurt by insults like\"Can I have some of w‚Ä¶ "
"@CouldbeYue Hi please find the unroll here: Thread by @MagicMagid: \"Those who saw and survived the pain, misery and‚Ä¶ "
"@ChroniclesTyria Yeah it's a lot of conjugations and what not to memorize. I feel your pain I had 9 years of Russia‚Ä¶ "
"#WednesdayWisdomPain relief treathment for Zarah | Medical Fundraising with GoGetFunding "
""
"@Knight_Lapis @Noble_Nights @realDailyWire @benshapiro Taxing oil and aborting pain-capable babies isn't everyone's‚Ä¶ "
"Every living thing can feel some sort of pain. "
"If you applaud the end of greyhound racing in Florida but eat meat, you are a hypocrite. Livestock feel the sW pain as domestic animals."
"@enews Jorah taught her patience. Drogo taught her pain&amp;love Remove the nephew"
"one taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain  #FCPorto "
"one taught me love. one taught me patience. one taught me pain. Ì†ºÌº∏Ì†ºÌº∏Ì†ºÌº∏Ì†ºÌº∏"
"One taught me pain"
"how she handles pain, that shit‚Äôs amazing"
"honestly this pain is unbearable"
"Ì†æÌ¥£Ì†ΩÌ∏∞ You‚Äôre laughing at my pain... "
"@MissMadiba Bruv!!! The pain and suffering... Ì†ΩÌ∏£Ì†ΩÌ∏£   Thanks, sisi Ì†ΩÌ≤ú"
"Eating out, daily gas station pop, drinking, smoking, going to the calling an ambulance and going to the er for eve‚Ä¶ "
"@NyshaC it's like a crossword game.   What's a 4 letter word for FRUSTRATION because I'm 7 characters over.  UGH!‚Ä¶ "
"Researchers develop new test to objectively #measure #pain, test medications  "
"‚ÄúIf pain must come, may it come quickly. Because I have a life to live, and I need to live it in the best way possi‚Ä¶ "
"‚öîÔ∏è  Cool. I made lunch yesterday and now I'm in too much pain to go heat it up. Truely this body sucks."
"@internetgf666 @ANG3LWORLD The pain one I C a n T lmfao"
"@DecLaRe23 Hahah I feel ur pain bro if I ever play with idiots who don‚Äôt let me be the hero or playmaker I lose I h‚Ä¶ "
"@whyouhatebilly @benjam_n01 @slashfilm Hey, I'm a 49ers/Dolphins fan myself. I feel the pain. Good luck to both of‚Ä¶ "
"@joshua_nimmons @Guy4Good_69 @TheAmericanLef1 @donnie_maga @CylantJustice @InmateTwitmo @VeeDubs777 @0Wotp5‚Ä¶ "
"‚ÄúPain is weakness leaving the body‚Äù"
"How Does Chiropractic Treatment Help with Chronic Pain?  How well our bodies function is based on the integrity of‚Ä¶ "
"the pain that you‚Äôve been feeling, can‚Äôt compare to the joy thats coming"
"So don't break, sanctify my body with pain"
"Learning about multi-disciplinary treatment of chronic non-cancer pain and cross clinic collaboration from an‚Ä¶ "
"@ULTIMATERPE All of them taught me pain in different level"
"Y'all: You thin...  Me: "
"Spiritual Health is mental health. You must be willing to take 100% responsibility for your own experience, not to‚Ä¶ "
"She taught me love She taught me patience  How she handles pain, that shits amazing Ì†ºÌæ∂"
"@incorrectpjm Remember to condition it a lot c': You can do it, pain is temporary"
"Don't forget to stop by our Agape Physical Therapy Greece location tonight for this excellent educational class on‚Ä¶ "
"@Noble70Andrew @CaptMathewJames @mcguireonfire I wouldn‚Äôt watch it on pain of death."
"@roynelsonmma @amazon Amazon it‚Äôs a pain in the bum to deal with, don‚Äôt do it!"
"Coming for the king that‚Äôs a far cry ya Ì†ΩÌ∏èÌ†ΩÌ≤äÌ†ΩÌ¥•Ì†ΩÌ≤™ I kill any pain."
"Pain can kill, all on its own: the body goes into shock and shuts downÌ†ΩÌ≤§."
"Dance Pain Away‚ùå‚ù§Ì†ºÌºêÌ†ºÌºè "
"@asfan91 I remember I had a root canal that week of the division series, so that playoff loss just added to the pain I had."
"Naps make my head hurt but I‚Äôm open for a lil pain today"
"@4vloveofalaska Yes pain because it‚Äôs painful to watch, it also pains me that it exists in general"
"One taught me love One taught me patience And one taught me pain"
"Sometimes I think about, what if Ethan didn‚Äôt survived the motorcycle crash. That it would not be anymore Dolan twi‚Ä¶ "
"LMAO I just fell down the stairs with my lap top in my hand Ì†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏≠ I‚Äôm laughing and I‚Äôm in pain"
"Born from pain"
"@OC @davegiles74 pain don‚Äôt hurt"
"@annalee1123 Joe taught me patience because at first he wasn‚Äôt cute and then thanks to my patience he became cute.‚Ä¶ "
"how she handles pain, that shit‚Äôs amazin‚Äô"
"@Jeremy_Justin_S @NightmareB0nn13 i in a lot of pain"
"@reconjoe8tet68 @BriteEyes8 @dontcavitate @JIMSTEPHENS12 @AmericanRising @JACKLARKIN1 @timetoact2 @njuarez1217‚Ä¶ "
"An ending to mark a new beginning... My pain! My longing! You shall have it all!"
"Time for the sports bar and #JUVMUN Ì†ΩÌ∏ç  Not optimistic in the slightest, but I'm on holiday so I can always drink the inevitable pain away Ì†ΩÌ∏Ö"
"@Maggie4Beers It is a for real great city and I think the winter pain is exaggerated."
"One taught me love   One taught me patience   One taught me pain "
"I wish someone would give me a massage Ì†ΩÌ∏¢ I‚Äôm in so much pain"
"I GOT SO MUCH LOVE, I GOT SO MUCH PATIENCE AND LEARNED FROM THE PAIN!!!! "
"one taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain now i‚Äôm so amazing"
"@bowiesnstyles ‚Äòjust take MY pain away‚Äô Ì†ΩÌ∏îÌ†ΩÌ±ä"
"My hope is that last night's shot of pain medication is working as well for you today, as it is for me. I'm feeling giddy."
"One taught me love                          one taught me patience                   one taught me pain "
"My Bible tells me our bodies will be renewed - free from the ravages of cancer and pain . Prayers up for Robyn and‚Ä¶ "
"I hate having to miss classes Ì†ΩÌ∏© catching up is a pain in the ass"
"‚ÄúPain is inevitable, suffering is optional.‚Äù‚ÄîBuddhist proverb"
"@kolev1912 Jump around  - House of Pain"
"these all taught me pain tf?? 1. now you got an ugly picture of me forever  2. i snapped you n‚Äô you ignored me for‚Ä¶ "
"I‚Äôve spent most of my early and mid 20s trying to recover from the pain of my teenage years. The pain of loss, and‚Ä¶ "
"@jacksondame I have pretty bad anxiety around around dentists so I was sedated. Best descision. Day 1 I was high as‚Ä¶ "
"@siIverthorn YEAH.... ITS HARD TO GAUGE!!! the pain of following people on their locked accounts and not getting a notification Ì†ΩÌ∏îÌ†æÌ¥ô"
"@ObamaPlusKids oh i needed this. It‚Äôs like the good kind of pain Ì†ΩÌ∏Ç"
"‚ÄúOne taught me love, one taught me patience, and one taught me pain, now I‚Äôm so amazing ‚Äú "
"i now believe that pain makes you stronger and i now believe that walking through a lot of rainstorms gets you....c‚Ä¶ "
"5 stars from M:   \"Gorgeous! So so so happy with these beauties. The shoe is so elegant and comfortable, the cushio‚Ä¶ "
"Im in so much pain. My tears never end."
"The salt in my wounds isn't burning any more than it used to...  It's not that I don't feel the pain, it's just tha‚Ä¶ "
"@RickyBobbyVIP @BenReiss1 White liberals and moderates have been white supremacist apologists for centuries. It has‚Ä¶ "
"Postoperative Gait Mechanics After Total Hip Arthroplasty A Systematic Review and MetaAnalysis.: Total hip arthropl‚Ä¶ "
"#womencrushwednesday goes to our client Jennifer Ì†ΩÌπå  No Pain ‚úÖ No Dentist visit needed ‚úÖ Custom made to fit you ‚úÖ  C‚Ä¶ "
"I want you to feel the Sorrow and feel the pain ."
"Just cause I cry a lot doesn‚Äôt mean It‚Äôs a normal thing and I‚Äôm not in great pain. It‚Äôs the only way I know and was‚Ä¶ "
"I've learned from the pain, I turned out amazing. -@ArianaGrande"
"@Minenorin I will never be drunk again, I will have to live with the pain"
"@Toibin1 @fiannafailparty Id say they each know how horrible they are denying babies of pain relief but they wont b‚Ä¶ "
"@flickerofIou I have a pain kink but I am not open about it Ì†ΩÌ∏∞Ì†ΩÌ∏∞"
"On the gallows for me And the next day And the next And another day Ignoring the pain of their particular diseases"
"‚ÄúHow she handles pain That shit‚Äôs amazing‚Äù"
"I JUST PULLED . A FUCKING MUSCLE IN MY LEG IM IN PAIN"
"Men don't know there are snakes below, Women don't know that there are stones on the top that pressed men, It's all‚Ä¶ "
"@Figen_Vivian01 @Vivian_DsenaWeb @VivianDsena01 @TheITA_Official He is looking innocent and also looking like an an‚Ä¶ "
"The pain of the hammer Ì†ΩÌ≤î #Ufelani"
"@coolexandra pain is midnight memories b4 z left"
"@wrichars @SethAbramson Agree. I‚Äôm sure he has horrible back and knee pain."
"@fairlyspiritual I think about that a lot, but the truth is, I do apologize to people. And when I do, I name what I‚Ä¶ "
"I don't need all of you in my life I don't want you all in it but it happened. I'll just think that God is preparin‚Ä¶ "
"Idk to me venting doesn‚Äôt even help ease the pain jst makes me wanna cry more Ì†æÌ¥£ I‚Äôm weak for that "
"remember: with all pain comes love n happiness"
"@IconicNephilim awww thank you :') i'll never be worthy but i appreciate it nonetheless!! and yes, i know, i enjoy the pain as well!! Ì†æÌ¥ß"
"@noaccountlurker @Sweetonme81 Sorry to hear that!  I never knew my Dad.  He didn't want me, but I always had my Mom‚Ä¶ "
"@alexislswift Tbh the class 185 (the second one) can be seen as a pain as they‚Äôre too short for the routes they ope‚Ä¶ "
"Lmao dancing like say you dey knack. Such a fucking hoe. Why won‚Äôt back pain you? Ì†æÌ¥∑‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è "
"The pain that i need hide. Truly, im dying."
"@Bittermusa fucking degenerate. you woke up my aunt, she has gingivitis and its been a real pain trying to get her‚Ä¶ "
"If everything was reversed you still wouldn‚Äôt understand the pain color people went through"
"@dramaramah Not really it‚Äôs pretty easy to read and speak writing is just a pain in the ass"
"@Hyper_Chronic Better late than never! Welcome to the \"MSA Cliffhanger Support Group\", take a seat, we're all in the same pain!"
"@agirlcalledlina I know your pain, although for me things got better as Miley Cyrus' career picked up."
"@RafaelNadal I hope for you recovery with no pain our hero and don‚Äôt rush. We miss you but always your health is matter more."
"Why does nobody understand. It‚Äôs hard to cope with everything going on. It‚Äôs hard to open up. It‚Äôs hard to ask for‚Ä¶ "
"I walked into the door jam while talking to someone and my piercing hit the metal so hard and I am really concerned‚Ä¶ "
"\"The double grief of a lost bliss is to recall its happy hour in pain.\" - Keido"
"@meghantonjes @ArianaGrande Hmm who taught her nothing? I‚Äôm debating if Mac taught her pain or patience because she‚Ä¶ "
"@ryansatin one taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain "
"ID - love, patience AI - patience, pain PS - pain, love "
"@KingHussain_7 Never forget your worth. Find self confidence. Listen to great music. Read poetry. Cry. Laugh. Rejoi‚Ä¶ "
"Had to let my pain bleed out"
"I Feel Pain Dear Try Some Other??? #ÿ≥ŸÉÿ≥_ŸÖŸèÿ™ÿ±ÿ¨ŸÖ #ŸÖŸÖÿ≠ŸàŸÜŸá #ÿ¥ÿ±ŸÖŸàÿ∑Ÿá #ŸÖÿ≠ÿßÿ±ŸÖ_ÿπÿ±ÿ®Ÿäÿ© #ŸÖÿπÿµŸäÿ™Ÿä_ÿ±ÿßÿ≠ÿ™Ÿä #ÿØŸäÿßÿ´Ÿá #ÿ¨ŸÜÿ≥‚Ä¶ "
"@gwizzy12 One taught me love One taught me patience  One taught me pain "
"Love is pain"
"@officialmcafee Few scotch‚Äôs to ease the pain"
"@SouISnatcher Fair, but you did go to reasons why T-Pain's view rather than actually contesting it w/ why it may be‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love. one taught me patience. one taught me pain. "
"I‚Äôm just a girl trying to get my story out They tell me I‚Äôm too loud They tell me to sit down They say it isn‚Äôt tru‚Ä¶ "
"Absolute Pain "
"@nigel0061 There's been some mobility improvements but still have pain. Bit early to judge yet Ì†æÌ¥î"
"I‚Äôve got so much love, got so much patience. I‚Äôve learned from the pain, I turned out amazing."
"i feel old my back is in pain"
"Despite widespread use of the \"smiley face\" pain scale in clinics, some researchers say a more empirical approach w‚Ä¶ "
"@signofhoe i see you really love pain huh"
"Losing your grandparents is a different type of pain .."
"Like my back is in pain. Why y‚Äôall gotta be nasty Ì†ΩÌπÑÌ†æÌ¥î"
"Interesting: migraineurs with #endometriosis have more frequent &amp; disabling headaches, &amp; are more likely to have ot‚Ä¶ "
"One taught my love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain. "
"I got my cat spayed and they gave me pain medicine to give her, when i got home i gave it to her and she couldn‚Äôt e‚Ä¶ "
"@SpacePupSilver I hope you‚Äôre aiming to follow in the great footsteps of our Lego ancestors...  Confusion ‚ÄúWhat is‚Ä¶ "
"No pain no gain Ì†ΩÌ≤™Ì†ºÌøæ "
"I can‚Äôt imagine the pain she was going through when the hammer was being used on her. Like the pain . The screams Ì†ΩÌ≤îÌ†ΩÌ≤îÌ†ΩÌ≤î #Ufelani"
"Results of everyone gets a trophy/no one get‚Äôs offended, is you avoid short-term pain for the guarantee of 10xs mor‚Ä¶ "
"@NBCSBulls Cmon now you ruined the chance to make Payne pain lol"
"@Theminoltakid @et957 @charlozzi @rachaelhxx @fiftyminus2 @itsSaraOlsen @Mandtakespics @diellemusicuk‚Ä¶ "
"Great conference on Health &amp; Behaviour organised by @LuxINSIDE Interesting speakers, wonderful ongoing projects. Th‚Ä¶ "
"Other #fibromyalgiasymptoms may include tingling of the skin, prolonged muscle spasms, weakness in the limbs, nerve pain, muscle twitching"
"@QuirkySurgeon + the rest? Well, it was all blank for Callie. She remembers nothing.   Now Callie was lucky to be a‚Ä¶ "
"all my chronic pain armys say HEYYYYY-O "
"@TheLedbetter1 @ChiefsReporter Ok. One could also see that he‚Äôs been described as day-to-day since September and wo‚Ä¶ "
"@StanfordPain @DrSeanMackey @PreventionMag So telling myself that I can talk myself out of cancer pain maybe we can‚Ä¶ "
"love the way keep sound on sosa pain Ì†ΩÌ≤ûÌ†ΩÌ±Ö"
"I‚Äôm not saying ‚Äòdon‚Äôt eat meat‚Äô I‚Äôm just saying surely it‚Äôs better to eat alternatives that taste just as good with‚Ä¶ "
"And one taught me pain"
"w Porno tabitha stevens smoking fetish britney spears  Porno Gay Instagram Sex tte xxx Anulingus XXX porno video hd‚Ä¶ "
"The Back Mechanic: Professor McGill covers many relevant and controversial topics for the trainer and clinician dea‚Ä¶ "
"Learned from the pain and turned out amazing ‚ú®"
"@IngrahamAngle The opposite of what u felt when the #DEMOCRATS took back the HOUSE last nite. The pain reminded u o‚Ä¶ "
"@QuirkySurgeon + and sadness in the familiar liquor which always numbed her pain and sadness. Wine.   She had to ha‚Ä¶ "
"\"Capture the opportunity of pain to understand life on a deeper meaning\""
"The SHORT Case Of The Day! Tooth #15 Anatomy Patient came in pain and a root canal was performed on tooth #15 in on‚Ä¶ "
"You will be always in my Heart even if you are no more on this earth. You had time and you was so a strong fighter‚Ä¶ "
"@Bryce_Bailey22 Honestly all of them taught me pain"
"@ohjadeine Personally I feel that Kevin taught me patience and joe taught me pain by being so cute"
"@Newsagentprovoc I felt your pain in my bones"
"I‚Äôm not ready for the pain on Thursday night. Ì†æÌµ∫Ì†ΩÌµä "
"I know they say I move on too fast But this one gon' last 'Cause her name is Abby And I'm so good with that   She t‚Ä¶ "
"@goateetiger @sainsburys Bit frustrated as I'm still getting pain and pins and needles. Talked it through with my n‚Ä¶ "
"Life is tough man, I wouldn‚Äôt wish this long lasting pain on anyone. Cherish those that you love while they‚Äôre stil‚Ä¶ "
"@Grace_Brown The hair brought you pain right?"
"He taught me love She taught me patience And one taught me pain Now i'm so amazing. #thankunext #ari @ArianaGrande Ì†ΩÌ≤ñ "
"Nintendogs was the bomb and definitely taught me love, but it sure as hell taught me patience and pain too when my‚Ä¶ "
"No matter what happens in life, no matter how bad the suffering is... It's always individual and only you know the‚Ä¶ "
"Glad he was denied but she is right nothing will ease the pain of losing 3 kids n ur dad in one shot. Can't even im‚Ä¶ "
"@Alyssa_Milano I feel your pain."
"@MaxwellsDeamon @RobinofLeyLines Pain and needles are really much of a concern for me. Most of my dilemma is how mu‚Ä¶ "
"Dear girls the pains you feel during your menses is the same pain we feel when giving you money ...Ì†ΩÌ∏êÌ†ΩÌ∏ê"
"I plugged out my laptop charger from the socket and hnnnngggg the adapter was so hot to touch I thought I'd burn my‚Ä¶ "
"T pain need to just shut up fam "
"Will be live streaming my tattoo session at 3:30pm PST, stop by if you wanna watch me be in pain ;)  "
"Wasn‚Äôt trying for PB, but annoying when you miss it by just 3 seconds &amp; could of pushed harder..... Oh well!  Sorry‚Ä¶ "
"‚ÄúOn a scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate your pain?\" 10 Ì†ΩÌπÇÌ†ΩÌπÉÌ†ΩÌπÇÌ†ΩÌπÉ"
"Those who would give up essential Pain de mie, to purchase a little temporary Athena, deserve neither Clam Fritters nor Other lager."
"Thumb Joint Pain  "
"‚ÄùSomeone who don‚Äôt know pain will not know how true peace is like‚Äù (Pain)"
"I woke up at 5am bc of a pain I was getting. I start to cry but not too loud bc I didn‚Äôt want to wake up pat. Next‚Ä¶ "
"The pain of it will fade away, the results will last forever"
"One taught me love One taught me patience and one taught me pain "
"the face of pain "
"Feeling frustrated or irritable lately? Having neck, shoulder or hip pain? Well tonight LIVE at 8:30pm I will be te‚Ä¶ "
"The experience from the #nerve #injury unit @RNOHnhs is exactly this. The devastation &amp; long term implications from‚Ä¶ "
"$NFLX Max Pain is 180.00 for maturity 11/09/2018. #maxpain #options "
"@sorrywhat______ I had to make the pain go away and it helped"
"Actions like these by reckless Dr's is why #cpp are being targeted. Outside of end of life care I cannot see justif‚Ä¶ "
"Today I just want to relax. I‚Äôm in so much pain smh"
"@lauraemasters I feel your pain."
"@WWERollins STOP THE PAIN Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠Ì†ΩÌ∏≠"
"Good vibes Ì†æÌ¥ôÌ†ºÌøº Bigger goals Ì†ºÌºé  Better Experiences Ì†æÌ¥òÌ†ºÌøº More happiness Ì†ΩÌ∏Å Less pain Ì†æÌ¥ï  Great friends Ì†ΩÌ±±Ì†ºÌøª‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏èÌ†æÌ∑îÌ†ºÌøΩÌ†ΩÌ±®Ì†ºÌøªÌ†æÌ∑îÌ†ºÌøø More lo‚Ä¶ "
"@Pixxydoodle @AngelDawn65 @JoeVargas I'm pretty much in the same boat. I have fibro and chronic back pain so I'm lo‚Ä¶ "
"Bonus. (Related, but definitely software-specific) All time is stored via milliseconds since Jan. 1st, 1970. This i‚Ä¶ "
"You never thought of anyone else You just saw your pain And now I cry in the middle of the night For the same damn thing"
"Little Mix falando:  one taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain "
"When you feel pain just remember that pain is what makes you human and strong Ì†ΩÌ≤™Ì†ºÌøª Ì†ºÌºàÌ†ΩÌ≤ó "
"claire leaving taught all of us pain "
"One taught me love; One taught me patience; One taught me pain. "
"I cried &amp; pray for the pain of my love one's.. Specially when I gotta sit and drown with words full of anger and di‚Ä¶ "
"She handles pain, that shit‚Äôs amazing"
"@bepryor Just curious, why didn‚Äôt Berry get surgery to shave the bone spur down when it was discovered? Obviously h‚Ä¶ "
"SUCCESS IS NOTHING WITHOUT PAIN FIRST"
"i felt mikey‚Äôs pain in that vlog"
"Y‚Äôall don‚Äôt feel my pain Ì†ΩÌ≤înot even half way Ì†ΩÌµämiss you dawgggg #longliveA‚ô†Ô∏è"
"They don't know about the pain pain pain that a nigga been going thru lately'"
"@madelynleeeee I think they‚Äôre cute kinda but just think of not being able to lay on your stomach and being in pain ew not fun"
"been through more shit than most people go through in a lifetime but im still kickin it smilin‚Äô through the pain"
"@twone2 Yeah this one was a pain in the deer's butt. Was this the deer's butt? After giving up and seeing other's O‚Ä¶ "
"@reconjoe8tet68 @MVZexplorer @BriteEyes8 @dontcavitate @JIMSTEPHENS12 @AmericanRising @JACKLARKIN1 @njuarez1217‚Ä¶ "
"@queer_queenie There's several ways to be scary, in this case it means that I'll rip apart people who mistreat me o‚Ä¶ "
"@LLAPawsper You might try some tooth paste on the tooth it is suppose to cut down on pain, hell if you need some I‚Ä¶ "
"died, or my father, and it won‚Äôt heal this, either. It will always be a wound. Diana glanced over at Emma. ‚ÄúDru?‚Äù s‚Ä¶ "
"With hands trembling, Rey falls, crying out in pain. \"You are everything I ever wanted,\" he murmurs .  Ben hums abs‚Ä¶ "
"@beatsbysaints Yeah dude I feel your pain too :/"
"Why are we always hurting over the only people that can heal the pain?"
"#wakeandbake againÌ†ΩÌ∏© this time w a side of #ibuprofen ...This pain is so disrespectfulÌ†ΩÌ∏°Ì†ΩÌ∏®"
"She handles pain and that shits amazing ‚ú®"
"‚ÄúYou never thought about anyone else. You just saw your pain‚Äù"
"One taught me love, One taught me patience, &amp; One taught me pain  My babies ‚ù§Ô∏è "
"Gut wrenching piece by @Sandra_Cuffe for @AJEnglish ... bringing to readers experiences from the ‚Äúmigrant caravans‚Äù‚Ä¶ "
"ABROAD TONIGHT THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT AND THANKS TO THOSE WHO HELPED I LOVE EVERYBODY AND I‚ÄôM EXCITED TO SHOW Y‚Ä¶ "
"numb the pain with the money"
"I just gotta keep hoping that all this pain is worth it and it‚Äôll mean something eventually."
"@kyhwana Yeah, we really need some kind of negligence/liability legislation of some sort, in that regard. Something‚Ä¶ "
"My back is in pain"
"@RyTron Final girl should really be changed to hero. But I am neither. I'm a ball of sel induced delicious pain.  I always live deliciously."
"@johnlegend @PrincessBravato If he thought being president was a hassle and pain in the ass before, he‚Äôs in for a rude awakening."
"one taught me love ‚ù§Ô∏è one taught me patience  one taught me pain Ì†ΩÌ≤î "
"I want the selfish bitch to die now putting more pain Robron  hate her"
"This Narco pill has me high af at work Ì†ΩÌ∏© I dont like this feeling at all Ì†æÌ¥¶Ì†ºÌøæ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è but my tooth pain went away"
"Marijuana also causes liver damage lung diseases like pneumonia. Just take Ibuprofen - Motrin - for any minor pain‚Ä¶ "
"Man these crazies over here in the states are truly giving legit gun owners like those in CH a pain the in the arse‚Ä¶ "
"@lisa_giorgi @Lisa61814752 @QProofs I feel your pain. NY re-elected a commie gov AGAIN. However, we shall see what‚Ä¶ "
"Every week my heart bleeds, I can‚Äôt begin to imagine the pain they feel #Ufelani"
"@QuiteShallow I HAVENT BEEN IN THIS MUCH PAIN IN SO LONG"
"I m the boatman of brake down boat. I singing song of without branch of beatch. For me the nekladge of flower make‚Ä¶ "
"Worst pain is not being able to explain it."
"Tonight's episode of #ChicagoFire is a deeply personal one for me, written very much from the heart. I hope it reso‚Ä¶ "
"...oh the pain. Pelosi is droning on and on. Going to have the picture on my \"mute\"button changed from obama to pelosi."
"@nicjustnic I feel your pain. Today I was trying to explain to my mum why I couldn‚Äôt see her gammy tooth on an iPad audio call."
"We hurt the ones we love because of our own pain..."
"@it_meirl_bot Doesn't cure it, but it sure aliviates a lot of side effects of chemotherapy such as vomiting, loss o‚Ä¶ "
"when i was driving to walmart earlier to get advil for my headache i was just aaaaAAAAAAAAAA because it hurt so fuc‚Ä¶ "
"I‚Äôm such a good person, I don‚Äôt deserve this pain"
"@Misshollis13 I know your pain."
"@JordanBeeTheGee It‚Äôs alright Jordan, I had KFC on my ones the other day, feel your pain."
"I've lost two dear friends to suicide in the last few years -- all suffering in horrible pain, and both lost their‚Ä¶ "
"\"Accelerate your pain White knuckles on the wheel again Shut your mouth, let's move on out of here\""
"yes it slaps you in the heart and makes you cry out in pain "
"@otpb0t The pain"
"@fortierfinance Only 15? I feel your pain."
"@LeoNego__ @zeldafanswag I know that pain perfectly..."
"@KP_MD2018 @esteckler2 Hi, @KP_MD2018 . That was too harsh of me; the word \"corrupt\" was too much. I lost my career‚Ä¶ "
"@TheTinyTomboy I am in pain right now because of how in love with him I am and these new pictures of him are just m‚Ä¶ "
"peaces of your name made lots od pain"
"@RoninRoosta Yeah it's expensive but I've been getting wrist and back pain so I'm looking to curb that asap. I've m‚Ä¶ "
"@RyanForwoodPE @Bhamactivescho1 @SuevSmart @hamsteadhallsgo @mcjudomike @YouthSportTrust Lego masters next year? Powers of pain?"
"@RealSaavedra @WinstonFrank10 NEWS REPORTERS ARE A PAIN IN THE ASS BUT THEY REPORT ALL THE SHIT ALL THE TIME THATS THE GOOD NEWS."
"pain don‚Äôt last forever it‚Äôs just a moment"
"PLEASE IM IN PAIN "
"@BigEasyLondon OK thanks! Can you provide any generic allergens info or a vague idea of how much of the menu will b‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love,  one taught me patience,  one taught me pain "
"yesterday i had a pain that i‚Äôve only felt two other times in my life. i nvr wanna feel it again."
"@LaurenJauregui FREEDOM IS A WONDERFUL MUSIC FUCK, I SCREAMED SO MUCH TOGETHER ONCE YOU HEAR SING ON MTV THAT TODAY‚Ä¶ "
"This thing is a big hairy pain in my asshole Ì†ΩÌπÑ"
"I'm perfect in my imperfections, happy in my pain, strong in my weaknesses and beautiful in my own way because I'm me."
"@tweetmbm No not given up, I'm just at work because millions on welfare depend on me &amp; you haven't made one valid p‚Ä¶ "
"@MatthewChzat Paimon shrugs again, he doesn‚Äôt know either.  ‚ÄúMaybe he can‚Äôt feel pain‚Äù"
"@TheGemJade So sorry to hear that! Back pain can really throw you off. It doesn't have to. Expect real improvement‚Ä¶ "
"@Selmat94 You really thought of me? Wow i don't hear that often hahag yesss i'm so proud but it would be better if‚Ä¶ "
"Fine Pillow ‚Äì Down Alternative Sleeping Bed Pillow for Neck &amp; Back Pain Relief | Best for Side &amp; Back Sleepers | Co‚Ä¶ "
"@piperthirteen um... but the doctor was there for her and proved her \"points\" wrong, and in the angels take manhatt‚Ä¶ "
"@scumbelievable I Love a Man in Uniform, Fuck the Pain Away, Oh Bondage Up Yours!, a bunch of weird ass Klaus Nomi"
"i don't want to waste any more of my life high. it may have taken away all of my pain, but it took away all of my j‚Ä¶ "
"Some days I don‚Äôt know how to deal with this pain inside of me and some days I‚Äôm like ‚Äúfuck it‚Äù mood. Ì†æÌ¥¶Ì†ºÌøª‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è"
"He looks up at me with betrayal in his eyes. The pain on his face is unfathomable; in his subconscious emerges a di‚Ä¶ "
"Thanks a lot @StonedHelton @JJohnsonless  So I'm laughing tears of joy and pain as I have accidentally and unknowin‚Ä¶ "
"Back story, my hubby was an ‚Äúex‚Äù but we went through our different love and pain with other people and found our way back to each other ‚ù§Ô∏è"
"one taught me pain  one taught me pain  one taught me pain "
"@NLokhova @thewinningcio @ArrowXL The pain will be less if you ¬£¬£¬£¬£¬£¬£¬£¬£¬£¬£¬£¬£ donate. (Very vulgar of me....I know)Ì†ΩÌπà"
"learned from the pain"
"@slimbumzie @AfroVII Great question. Now please answer it, because na you e dey pain."
"@dbongino Acosta may want to get a box of Tuck's Medicated Pads to help sooth the pain from the new one President Trump ripped on his butt."
"Speaking of the heart... ‚ù§Ô∏è#Repost @The_Moon_Woman „Éª„Éª„Éª Scorpio will take us into our deepest pain, not as a punishm‚Ä¶ "
"That \"PAIN that hurts you\" and \"PAIN that changes you\""
"Do your parents have complaints about arthritis or muscle pain?   We have some great news and may have a solution t‚Ä¶ "
"This year had a different feeling than when I started off 3 years ago. I‚Äôm definitely more seasoned. I had many, ma‚Ä¶ "
"i miss the red pain in my bathroom everytime i punch the wall."
"Considered making a 'one taught me love / one taught me patience / one taught me pain' meme, but it would just be O‚Ä¶ "
"@fiannafailparty @LorrCliff @NedoSullivan2 Ashamed of FF bar a few grassroots expected ye to stand up for our unbor‚Ä¶ "
"I'm so tired of being hurt.  Had to drive Saki to the groomer today and I felt pain just from driving.  :(  The phy‚Ä¶ "
"@Its_tabs @trintitty My friend Rachel had both of her girls completely natural, and did not take any sort of medica‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love One taught me patience One taught me pain #thankunext "
"I love pain. "
"@Ragnarly @WhalePanda *if people actually learned with pain"
"A double shot of Jack Daniels honey to numb the pain"
"One taught me love ,  One taught me patience, One taught me pain. "
"@intheMatrixxx @POTUS @joseph_alberson They are about to feel the PAIN Ì†ΩÌ≤ØÌ†ºÌ∑∫Ì†ºÌ∑∏Ì†ΩÌ≤™Ì†ΩÌ≤•WWG1WGA Ì†ºÌ∑∫Ì†ºÌ∑∏"
"@Retlouping @MattLowPT @DerekGriffin86 @tomgoom In this trial 40% of (high risk) who received advice/reassurance we‚Ä¶ "
"all taught me pain "
"my grief is so heavy I can‚Äôt lift it.   I‚Äôm sitting next to it, instead. My pain refuses to move, to be distracted,‚Ä¶ "
"I just got extreme back pain in the middle of my lunch break like I was going to scream for help and I seriously th‚Ä¶ "
"and carrying that hate around with you and trying constantly to ruin someone‚Äôs life makes you hateful and it will m‚Ä¶ "
"My emotions hit me and the most random times. Everybody can say be strong but until you feel the pain my family feels you‚Äôll never get it."
"I taught me love I taught me patience I taught me pain~Ì†ºÌæ∂"
"Straddling your lap as I peel off to change your bandages, running my fingernails along your burns, feeling as the‚Ä¶ "
"y‚Äôall... i finally felt the pain of being a chan stan,, i can‚Äôt find any matching pics for my ssd this is so upsetting"
"Ps love, ai patience, id PAIN "
"@ddale8 Thankyou doesn't cover it. I'm eternally grateful to you for repeatedly saving me the brain pain of having‚Ä¶ "
"I'll never fucking understand north-indians man. if you're suffering from lower back pains would you go mountain cl‚Ä¶ "
"@Nenagh9 @PassiQuattro @Cat_Kapow Listen , you are NOT a coward , you are a very very caring person . We hear and s‚Ä¶ "
"Now I'm starting to remember the pain from when I first watched Kamina die-  ;-;"
"as i unfortunately suspected, yesterday morning my childhood pet, my dog sugar, passed away after struggling with c‚Ä¶ "
"The symptoms of migraines, such as throbbing pain, sensitivity to light or sound, and even nausea, can make it hard‚Ä¶ "
"\"You can‚Äôt heal somebody‚Äôs pain by trying to take it away from them\".  Lovely animation about how acknowledging som‚Ä¶ "
"One teach me love One teach me patience One teach me pain "
"@TailsOfAhri ‚îÅ ... I shouldn't waste more time here.‚îÅ  Shoulders held a colossal burden of pain, yet he managed to‚Ä¶ "
"@Lizetteagenbach omg Lizzy ! I'm sorry! I have read you only now Ì†ΩÌ∏ï I hope the pain goes away as soon as possible Ì†ΩÌ∏ò‚Ä¶ "
"PAIN RELIEF HOLIDAY PACKAGE  ~ Roll On Pain Relief Gel ~ 30ml Pain Relief Spray ~ 550mg 10x Pure Oil ~ 500mg Deep H‚Ä¶ "
"Ì†ºÌæºI drank too much last night, got bills to pay, my head just feels in pain I missed the bus and there'll be hell to‚Ä¶ "
"It might ruin my friendship with you but I‚Äôm sorry. If I‚Äôm with you it would cause me more pain."
"I feel Julie Walker's pain living Texas.  Indiana just elected mike braun.  A rethuglican pos that supports doing a‚Ä¶ "
"@MokiAwa Take care Moki, hope that the pain is sorted out. Personally I‚Äôm looking forward to the weirdness."
"Smiles are like band-aids. They cover up the pain, but it still hurts."
"I get enough hard core reality out in the world, he better be actively gassing me the fuck up when I get home.   Yo‚Ä¶ "
"Brain Scans Reveal #Meditation's Surprising Effects on Pain - "
"@deadgalpal OKI BUT LOOK.... the pain is cus last album n also only the 4 of them... Ì†ΩÌ∏ñ"
"H.O.P.E. Hold on, pain ends"
"Someday my pain Someday my pain Someday my pain Someday my pain"
"I shoulda done the baby mama dance when I was 37 weeks.. I‚Äôm 40 weeks and I can barely move now I‚Äôm in so much pain"
"@StevieCortelli I know the pain. vergolini... tortellini... it‚Äôs the same thing."
"Tooth extraction pain is making me see double today. Ayeeee God Oooooo"
"‚ö°Ô∏è ‚ÄúAriana Grande admits her high pony puts her in 'constant pain'‚Äù  "
"Lemme just chop my neck off maybe that'll help the pain"
"@ed_solomon @BluePrecipice @amandadeibert @WilGafney Because most people want it recorded these days. As someone wh‚Ä¶ "
"Just wait the pain is coming!Ì†ΩÌ∏âÌ†ºÌ∑∫Ì†ºÌ∑∏ "
"That's enough pain for 1 day!! will post video later.   Huge ass #Raven piece by artist Michael MINKY Tattoos  mass‚Ä¶ "
"@TheKennyScott I feel your pain, but the worst thing you can do is look at the time, it increases the anxiety, get‚Ä¶ "
"Meditation 10 am  Service 10:30 am 1313 York Road, Timonium, MD 21093  "
"Ariana grande is like one song away from teaching girls how to look at terrible situations in the best way possible‚Ä¶ "
"@mitchellvii I feel your pain, disgusted with the State of Colorado."
"Really? Are we really back to Robert blaming Aaron for everything, Aaron feeling guilty &amp; repeat. ED knows how much‚Ä¶ "
"@MoBarrientez @trintitty Women who don‚Äôt get them are hero‚Äôs as far as I‚Äôm concerned. You go you tough bitches!!! L‚Ä¶ "
"Hahahaha what‚Äôs happening went out for a zoot and was suddenly in such crippling pain like the whole of my stomach‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love, one taught me patience, and one taught me pain. #xtina "
"@duarteelauraa One taught me patience, two taught me pain."
"Give a nurse a free pen, breakfast and a certificate for their revalidation folder and you are worshipped like a Go‚Ä¶ "
"@polly60 @AngelDawn65 @JoeVargas I myself &amp; 3 other friends have chronic pain. 3 of us have fibro &amp; 1 spinal stenos‚Ä¶ "
"@Jenniieey I think say na only me the thing dey pain   Especially my igbo brothers Ì†ΩÌ∏í"
"@serenejoonie no i really am not i was in physical pain"
"I am not hot I will never be hot you can go kill yourself i dont wanna be in pain anymore"
"One taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain "
"don‚Äôt want the pain so we use drugs.."
"@comicbookartfan Shouldn‚Äôt pain be Holland since he died?"
"I‚Äôm in so much pain because of my period rn and my boyfriend brought his thing that you put in the microwave so it‚Ä¶ "
"My life is amazing, I‚Äôm eating amazing Got an amazing girlfriendÌ†ΩÌ≤ó ain‚Äôt no more pain shit is just great for me"
"Some might say we're armed and dangerous, pay the price of the life every night, but it ain't enough. Pain is the n‚Ä¶ "
"I probably have work due tomorrow because i also have a maths exam but instead here i am trying to drown my pain in alcoholÌ†ΩÌ∏î"
"Hood Pain"
"Spyro screams in pain as a black horse with pure red eyes with it's mane and tail just smoke as a gray dragon with‚Ä¶ "
"@jok_die_wunder @Maxime_Rpcht Du pain complet Ì†ΩÌ∏É"
"rolled my ankle zeen. oddly the pain didnt really start until 2 hours after.  holy shit"
"I forgot how much of a pain packing is lol"
"Guys. Share in my pain and take this life lesson to heart.   Do not, I repeat, DO NOT, go to a Whole Foods store op‚Ä¶ "
"last Week @FBI Cleared General Flynn   @GenFlynn ACTIVATED  @CNN  @JAKETAPPER  @JIMACOSTA   [ JA ] [ JT ] [ CNN ]‚Ä¶ "
"Been on the source already has she Paul. I feel your pain. "
"Terrible journey to &amp; from the back pain clinic this afternoon. Traffic jams &amp; absolutely torrential rain Ì†ΩÌ∏©  Thank‚Ä¶ "
"Ya dean is like 80km away frm me n im @ home havin back pain . Wat a life"
"Dear girls, the pain you feel during your menses is the same pain we feel when we give you money"
"@taralynnnns This makes my heart sadÌ†ΩÌ∏î I‚Äôm sorry friend.  I hope they have answers {and solutions} and that the pain goes away."
"&amp; they ask why i be so high, it‚Äôs cause that high help me cope with all this pain"
"Bored of being in pain so going to spend the next hour studying the @WoodbineTB PP‚Äôs, an AW track (No weather Ì†ºÌºß iss‚Ä¶ "
"some day you won't remember this pain you thought would last forever"
"If you think gay people aren‚Äôt oppressed consider the fact that in my program we have exactly 3 profs and they PERF‚Ä¶ "
"There are many different treatment options to reduce neck pain and this short article lists a few of them.  To read‚Ä¶ "
"I‚Äôm in tons of pain but pushing through, good things never come easy!! Keep working hard Ì†æÌµ∞"
"@aaroncabrera_ That's good bro i had a cracked tooth worst pain of my life"
"One taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain @Stranger_Things ‚ù§Ì†ΩÌ∏≠ "
"Hate seeing my animals in pain Ì†ΩÌ≤î"
"holy fuck am in pain man"
"Winner Winner chicken dinner. Pain is coming. These clowns will all be served in due time. "
"@JSkidmore12 Lol he‚Äôs in a walking boot man. Im sure he‚Äôs in pain. Whatever happens, Bowles has to GO."
"At Panera, you can expand your skills and grow your career in a variety of ways. Apply today and join our team! Dis‚Ä¶ "
"@Crestfallenness @mc_starlight Think of this moment in a few weeks. There are gifts in the pain that will make you‚Ä¶ "
"@TPAIN you tellem pain"
"Do not allow these pains to discourage you, suggesting you have made an error of any sort. But know pain is part of‚Ä¶ "
"Nerve pain lit TF up this week. I can barely walk with the shocks going up and down my legs. And it's not actually‚Ä¶ "
"Bring your love baby, I could bring my shame. Bring the drugs baby, I could bring my pain. I got my heart right her‚Ä¶ "
"Anyone have any remedies for excruciating wisdom tooth pain"
"@jwt_03 @darthodius @KimmeeKMiller Yes , our state just made pm patients buy that narcan stuff . And you‚Äôre right p‚Ä¶ "
"@BrownEyeSoup @rossboss22 Definitely pain"
"Oh how I feel your pain x "
"So much is about how we humans feel. Yes. But think about all beings. We are a part of them and they us (all are in‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love, One taught me patience, And one taught me pain. @ArianaGrande #SATC "
"\"'Are you saying even if the method creates gruesome and brutal pain you can still do it because there‚Äôs no alterna‚Ä¶ "
"We feel your pain. "
"I smoke my pain away. Ì†ΩÌ≤≠"
"@Eidolon_Night Heh - caught myself about to pinch zoom a book my son was reading when he was struggling to make out‚Ä¶ "
"You rescued my heart and showed me joy can come through pain"
"@Old_Segun Loool,  e dey pain you.  We like it lai dat Ì†ΩÌ∏ÅÌ†ΩÌ∏ÅÌ†ΩÌ∏Å"
"@TheBluntDagger @Crocusville @theresa_may Fact is your following her to be a pain in the asshole and troll her. If‚Ä¶ "
"JOB; Niles USA - Pain Management/Rehab- Nurse Pract - Physician Asst- 35 Mins form Chicago - Pain Managem: Pain Man‚Ä¶ "
"Just quit smoking, so how ima deal with the pain?Ì†æÌ¥î"
"I swear breaking your nail down way too short is a whole different kinda pain"
"\"I want to help save the world from all this pain and suffering and division. I know i can't do it alone\""
"@voguechic Lmaoooo the person has a lot of fans oh. Let me wait till it‚Äôs over so their pain will be less."
"I Feel Pain Dear Try Some Other??? #ÿ≥ŸÉÿ≥ #ŸÜŸäŸÉ #ÿßŸÅŸÑÿßŸÖ_ÿ≥ŸÉÿ≥ #ÿ≥ŸÉÿ≥_ŸÖŸèÿ™ÿ±ÿ¨ŸÖ #ŸÖŸÖÿ≠ŸàŸÜŸá #ÿ¥ÿ±ŸÖŸàÿ∑Ÿá #ŸÖÿ≠ÿßÿ±ŸÖ_ÿπÿ±ÿ®Ÿäÿ© #ŸÖÿπÿµŸäÿ™Ÿä_ÿ±ÿßÿ≠ÿ™Ÿä‚Ä¶ "
"@chloebennet Daisy be like Ì†ºÌæ§Ì†ºÌæ∂ one taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain Ì†ºÌæ∂ Ì†ΩÌ∏Ç "
"one taught me Love, one taught me \"Patience,\" one taught me pain. "
"God the Father and Jesus Christ have a plan for you. Their Kingdom is coming. It‚Äôs a beautiful Kingdom where there‚Ä¶ "
"@k_ovfefe Yup, he sure does. Now comes THE PAIN"
"Find that you ain't strong when their gang came Kong. Giving you plenty to hate on. When I'm kicking it like Fei Lo‚Ä¶ "
"@Its_tabs @trintitty My water broke on it‚Äôs own, like they didn‚Äôt have to break it for me but my labor wasn‚Äôt induc‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love One taught me patience  One taught me pain @NYIslesNation @TwoTurtleDuffs "
"I just googled ‚Äúone taught me love. . . One taught me pain‚Äù because I keep seeing it. I‚Äôm old. Ì†ΩÌ±µÌ†ºÌøª #suchgrandma"
"Travis Scott Future Quavo T Pain "
"@assyiah2 @ayemadre @ruckin_ You are very unknowledgeable. Research the meaning of Halloween. It‚Äôs associated with‚Ä¶ "
"@CalebJHull She is literally laying on the floor in pain from his Herculean feat of strength. I heard he hit her so‚Ä¶ "
"@Ruhina94074675 @AchooTheLegend Honestly I feel u. The pain is horrible. There are actually some pics that never le‚Ä¶ "
"@Ba3V33 Lmao naah, I took pain killers, they should knock me out welk enough"
"One taught me love /patience /pain should 100% replace f*ck/ marry/ kill"
"maybe if we dont get pain we arent painful"
"I feel weak for using drugs to ease the pain"
"@_vanessamariexo Pain cubed"
"Want to work in Columbia, SC? View our latest opening: "
"I never thought it‚Äôd feel this way  You never taught me how to heal the pain"
"Mom's drunk again...The only way I know how to keep my self sane is to think about when I met @MarkRPellegrino and‚Ä¶ "
"ps love ai pain id patience "
"@ProdBySPXCELY How yall forget starship pain that shit was sexy"
"One taught me love.  One taught me pain.  One taught me you to NOT want to cross a Krogan.  #N7Day #GamersUnite "
"@claudiaraeee @ryanpocketlint lmao nah i‚Äôm kidding. but i feel like endless taught patience cause how long we had t‚Ä¶ "
"@jacksondame Okay. I'm done. It wasn't wisdom teeth I had out but two teeth that had broken. (They were old filling‚Ä¶ "
"Intensive Patient Education Flops for Acute Low Back Pain "
"Really depressed. In a lot of pain. And just feeling down today but my brother brought me chocolate so that‚Äôs a plu‚Ä¶ "
"Great video about helping someone through a difficult time in their life. It's about acknowledgment and letting the‚Ä¶ "
"To anyone else sitting on a platform wondering what happened to their lives thanks to the overwhelming incompetence‚Ä¶ "
"@IInir26 @Manirakiza @Judicaelle_ @Lionel_SN @LonzenRugira People coming from other countries telling Black people‚Ä¶ "
"@_anunakatrina blocmates taught me love prof taught me patience french 110 taught me pain now im so amazing"
"PF pain and severe femoral anteversion. Big problem. "
"I just supported GG Chronic Pain Foundation by shopping @AmazonSmile. #YouShopAmazonGives #GGPain #advocate "
"I've reached an age where a past injury gives me pain when the weather changes."
"One taught me love. One taught me patience. One taught me pain.  But Frfr, they all brought me pain . . . "
"@caganerx \"Yes, ma'am, I can assure you this is the same temperature as the wax we use on all our clients, your lad‚Ä¶ "
"I got approximately 1.5 hours of sleep last night because I'm in a bad fibromyalgia flare up and no matter how I la‚Ä¶ "
"5 train is definitely pain at nighttime &amp; weekends. "
"Thanks everyone for your concern last night. I am okay. I‚Äôll be okay, but sometimes it‚Äôs like the world crashes dow‚Ä¶ "
"@saddenhere666 @JagexShauny @JagexPi @JagexRamen @JagexEdge @JagexIago Please, ive quit mainly because of the pain‚Ä¶ "
"@somethin_lit i have him right now &amp; i feel your pain"
"Cuz we‚Äôre living at the mercy of the pain and the fear, Until we dead it forget it, Let it all disappear #WaitingForTheEnd"
"I curse the sun, I pray for rain, I'd run a mile to walk through pain #JustinMoore"
"@ThatEricAlper ‚ÄúSame Old Lang Syne‚Äù, ‚Äújust for a moment I was back at school And felt that old familiar pain‚Äù (Dan F.)"
"@SmoHawk Same! Last year I then had to switch it from one front pocket to the oher due to leg pain. Seemed to do th‚Ä¶ "
"Whenever I feel so anxious that I'm about to get a panic attack, I immediately pinch the inside of my hands till th‚Ä¶ "
"Baby I‚Äôm no stranger to the heartbreak and the pain of always being let go"
"So I‚Äôm sick and I have strep.. I just sneezed and it hurt my throat so bad I seriously started crying.. I am in so much pain"
"@LivingWellPain Absolutely. Patient education is required in a variety of methods and depth.  A patient who feels t‚Ä¶ "
"@Happy4sandile I feel your pain Ì†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏Ç, he‚Äôs out of steam !"
"I seem to be confusion, bc Idk if you're trying to say that my father Schmidt taught you pain, but if you are, I me‚Ä¶ "
"Not being able to take up more rewarding jobs that come to you because of the lack of time. It can pain!!! "
"I hate days like this where I‚Äôm so filled with pain and i feel helpless. I‚Äôm grateful to be able to walk, sit up st‚Ä¶ "
"$SPX open interest for maturity 11/16/2018. High put=2000.00 High call=2850.00 #maxpain #options‚Ä¶ "
"So my 7 years old nephew just said : ‚Äú when someone hurts my feelings, i feel some pain here *pointing at his heart‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love, one taught me patience, and one taught me pain... #janeausten #thankunext "
"My head hurt so fucking bad this morning and I took a pain killer for it and nothing happened and the I took s heav‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me severe pain in my neck and throughout my entire body One taught me again the same as mentioned above‚Ä¶ "
"All 3 taught me pain... "
"@mintminhoe i was in pain"
"@Moyasheeh just sudenly all of my pain is gone *vv*"
"@EricBaestein EXISTENCE IS PAIN ERIC!"
"@MattTheDoctor \"I am the Bone of my Sword Steel is my Body and Fire is my Blood. I have created over a Thousand Bla‚Ä¶ "
"@JenNWCbus @DurableAF @thespybrief I'm a chronic pain patient myself, and have been a patient advocate; I know the‚Ä¶ "
"@CalvinDuncan17 Looking at the sadistic celebration of women's pain deliberately caused by men, count on this - You‚Ä¶ "
"@BeyaFong @GoBucky777 @FoxNews We lost gracefully. That‚Äôs the way it‚Äôs meant to be, atleast we saved America the pa‚Ä¶ "
"Pain"
"@MoBarrientez @trintitty See my water broke on it‚Äôs own after having contractions for more than 10 hours. I literal‚Ä¶ "
"Empowered awakened women give birth just like this... ending the fear pain tension cycle and returning to love and‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love one taught me patience one taught me pain                                   #Sixers "
"Huge #WCW. This this. Pain in my butt @AlluringAngelB.  But I love her to peices. She's my ride or die my other hal‚Ä¶ "
"i only ate the mango to take some painkillers so my stomach won‚Äôt b hurting but..... they didn‚Äôt do shit and i ate‚Ä¶ "
"uh no...they all taught me PAIN. "
"@Maurice_inspira No pain, no gain"
"@VAChair @DeptVetAffairs The VA Mission Act Section 131 targets civilian doctors w/the VA/DoD opioid saftey initiat‚Ä¶ "
"This is insane.  1) Alternative therapies DO NOT cure #cancer.  Some may be able to provide relief from side effect‚Ä¶ "
"@OnyieChine I mean you would already know the best thing for the pain. Yum, enjoy please."
"Letting all that pain go cuz i been blocking my blessings. Bout to just enjoy life"
"@mjprattt Oh I bet!! I didn‚Äôt have a c section so I don‚Äôt know the pain from that. I‚Äôm so sorry"
"I guess that's why Canadian dollars are such a royal pain in the ass to use... "
"@kitchenchart @gelles Obama put sanctions on Russia - and Putin and his band of kleptocrats are feeling the pain of assets freeze -"
"@Maelvampyre @leewylieboxing Always respect your opinion Lee but Ali never manhandled Foreman.  Ali had a master ga‚Ä¶ "
"@BTS_twt Jungkook get well soon I love you so much and you did an amazing performance despite of the pain sarangaeyoooo Ì†ΩÌ≤úÌ†ΩÌ∏çÌ†æÌ¥óÌ†ΩÌ∏ò‚ò∫Ô∏è"
"sexually energy can arouse a kind of pain that produces pleasure and, thus, orgasm. orgasmic energy is god's greatest gift to humanity."
"@wndrsnertle PFFFfftft pain is temporary, contentment lasts forever c:"
"@trumpy675 I think Jeffers has probably had several wet dreams over a ‚Äòno deal‚Äô scenario and the thought of a big,‚Ä¶ "
"Put back pain behind you: @PurdueIndEng student creates built-in backpack massager to reduce pain from heavy loads.‚Ä¶ "
"Finally watch this episode with pain in my heart. So well crafted @malorieblackman. Educating a new generation. If‚Ä¶ "
"ONE TAUGHT ME LOVE, ONE TAUGHT ME PATIENCE, ONE TAUGHT ME PAIN "
"Let it go. If you have been rejected or dumped, don't hold your pain back. That pain will only build."
"One taught me love One taught me patience One taught me pain @sanholobeats "
"She handles pain and that shit‚Äôs  amazing"
"@healthlitkate @Not_Just_Tired I feel much more harmonious and balanced out afterwards. It also is beneficial for m‚Ä¶ "
"This neck pain has gotta go"
"@kanyindo i wonder how you figured out the pain of blue balls coz it's the most enough punishment for a man"
"Feel the pain you‚Äôre going through and do your best to release it. It‚Äôs not of use to you anymore."
"the only thing these couples taught me is pain. AGONIZING EMOTIONAL PAIN. "
"Yes back pain,,,"
"&gt;&gt;&gt; INTERESTING.. NOTHING NEW .. WAKE UP THE WORLD.  \"I obviously was unable to help myself. There is no justificat‚Ä¶ "
"Poor dude looks like he‚Äôs in pain "
"Had my chance dancing in the rain &amp; now I feel pain Thinking about if I dance I may gain but  the last minute brought pain"
"A dog that has been burned is a scalded dog and to run like a scalded dog is to run wildly from a pain causing expe‚Ä¶ "
"end this pain"
"301 &amp; 302 redirects are a pain in the a#$. @seomechanic breaks it down.   "
"@Testyment I‚Äôve never owned a bird but I have have out lived 3 dogs and the pain is horrible. I can imagine you fee‚Ä¶ "
"It‚Äôs was meant in an effort to take 2020 potential down. Beto-Gillum-Stacey are symbols they don‚Äôt want spread. The‚Ä¶ "
"@RapSheet Lmfao, not that I'm on TV but I feel your pain. Mine always pick important phone calls."
"Imma have to update my OCs soon so yall can get a feeling for it all since i wanna create my own comic one day hhhh‚Ä¶ "
"Who gon' pray for me? Take my pain for me? Save my soul for me? 'Cause I'm alone, you see"
"My ear is hurting so bad Ì†ΩÌ∏´ they keep saying it‚Äôs not an ear infection then wtf is it b/c I been dealing with this pain all year"
"@bcinterruption One taught me love One taught me patience One taught me pain "
"@AnushayHossain @Acosta @PeterAlexander No pain at all What the President said is true, Acosta is a disgrace"
"If you applaud the end of greyhound racing in Florida but eat meat, you are a hypocrite. Livestock feel the same pain as domestic animals."
"When you‚Äôre suffering, approach God boldly and confidently in prayer. Know with every pain you suffer that Jesus is‚Ä¶ "
"@SixBrownChicks Pain pills to heroin is a wild jump. I feel like it‚Äôs some info missing"
"One taught me pain now I‚Äôm so amazingggÌ†ºÌæ∂Ì†ºÌæ∂Ì†ºÌæ∂"
"Don't waste your miracle on your pain."
"Hurt me.  Hurt me till I make myself believe I'm numb to the pain."
"The man ei head go pain am Ì†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏ÇÌ†ΩÌ∏Ç "
"Idk what 08-11 was lol but  11-14 was definitely pain &amp; 15-18 was for suuuurrrre patience"
"Hey guys, one of my best friends has been in the hospital for about 2 weeks and her small  intestine in failing she‚Ä¶ "
"@PoppotGroup @Tillianne @davetimesone I was hit by a car which badly damaged my spine. Each morning I wake up vomit‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain, history's AMAZING. "
"There exists many pain points in today's E-commerce System.‚Ä¶ "
"two kinds of pain, one that acts as a stimulus to the sense of power, another that arises after the expenditure of‚Ä¶ "
"Salim Anar scene was painful as hel,Beautifully emoted &amp; performed,How fine Sheikh was as Salim in that particular‚Ä¶ "
"window pain is hands down my favorite Cole song"
"IM IN PAIN :(( "
"@cjrmurphy1 @OsloWarrior17 I feel your pain. I live in Texas. Ì†ΩÌ∏¢"
"Since I busted up my right wrist I had to make some adjustments to work my Chest. Different grips and angles, but t‚Ä¶ "
"@MoreAndAgain True. But Drumpfs pushing for her makes me side eye the whole thing."
"Jim @Acosta of #FakeNewsCNN is a real pain. So disrespectful and self righteous. He shames media profession everyda‚Ä¶ "
"Why am I still in so much pain ."
"J. Cole - Window Pain (Outro)"
"Listen to the pain. It's both history teacher and fortune teller. Pain teaches us who we are, Wade. Sometimes it's‚Ä¶ "
"she handles pain, that shits amazing"
"One taught me love. One taught me patience. One taught me pain. Pure pain. "
"@TamashiiHiroka well then Tamashii next time you play and you get Pain just put on Sucker for Pain!"
"Nobody hidesÌ†æÌ¥´ painÌ†ΩÌ∏•Ì†ΩÌ∏™ better than a MOTHERÌ†æÌ¥± who's trying to stay strongÌ†ΩÌ≤™Ì†ΩÌπè for her kidsÌ†ΩÌ±∂Ì†ΩÌ±∂"
"One taugh me love  One taugh me patience  One taugh me pain "
"Some days sag under the weight of collective pain, And I could see groans in the eyes of people i passed by, All th‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love One taught me patience  One taught me pain #GoingInBK "
"not people who bring me down, aren‚Äôt doing anything productive with themselves, and are frankly a big pain in the r‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love One taught me patience one taught me pain ;) @BTS_twt "
"I‚Äôm mad as hell I gotta stop smoking weed/drinking liquor for the sake of this mental health medication but I‚Äôm goi‚Ä¶ "
"Saw an owl ! Lord knows I need that sign, she is always with me but especially guiding me and will pull me out of t‚Ä¶ "
"a love for biscuits. the patience for spicy.  and the pain of heartburn from 9 secret herbs &amp; spices. "
"Just hold me ,, even if you caused this pain just hold me till it‚Äôs gone Ì†ΩÌ≤îÌ†ΩÌ∏´"
"One taught me pain One taught me more pain One taught me even more pain"
"Feel my pain like it was tatted on yo face"
"@TC1552_NYP My updated twitter profile pic 2018 I'm a very sad and lonely boy who has started drinking very heavy t‚Ä¶ "
"All the doctors in Missouri seeing patients who suddenly have back pain, glaucoma, and anxiety "
"As an owner of Note 8 I really know the pain that they talk about when talkng about making half of the screen only‚Ä¶ "
"@jessiebieb22 I shall send a card Jessie Ì†ΩÌ∏Ç I feel your pain on longing for an impossible song!"
"@Professorbroman I personally don't have it, but my fiance has Crohn's and I see and hear about the pain she deals‚Ä¶ "
"When will this pain disappear?  When will I be able to live without fear Of disappointments, of failures...? When will I be happy?"
"When ignored by that person whose attention means the most to you, the reaction in your brain is similar to physical pain."
"how she handles pain, that shit's amazing Ì†ΩÌ≤•"
"Facing our #pain is challenging but we cannot find and clear its source unless we do.   . "
"@Dapple_TXUSA @KReezey815 @DadFiction @MrsWife78 @fu_dad @bryanhayes67 @ThatMummyLife @notmuchofahw @jaxwax04‚Ä¶ "
"one taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain #EXO "
"@warwick_ackland We feel your pain. We have had our vans broken into twice this year. This is shocking however"
"Heartbreaking~ Pain for Parkland students after pro-gun candidates win: 'I'm shaking with anger' "
"@Kaalateetham @shoonya_0 I wish your dog goes through unbearable pain due to Ì†ΩÌ¥•cracker noise !Incidentally on Eid al‚Ä¶ "
"@CoraSherlock @anitambyrne yes they have, they now make sure a foetus does not live (or left to die as you so eloqu‚Ä¶ "
"I know I drive the sickest vehicle in Fargo, but The Jon Pardi Van makes a pain in the ass out of itself when I hav‚Ä¶ "
"@bitchinly Ppl have no right to say boys are better than girls when literally EVERY SINGLE GIRL bleeds non stop for‚Ä¶ "
"if you want love you‚Äôre gunna have to go through the pain"
"@ooxtsukii sending you beaucoup de love and best wishes bbyg Ì†ΩÌ≤ñÌ†ΩÌ≤ñÌ†ΩÌ≤ñÌ†ΩÌ≤ñ "
"The pain u feel today will be the strength u feel tomorrow"
"Woke up to everything blanketed in snow. Finally sticking now. No wonder my body hurts. It's like I turn 36 and my‚Ä¶ "
"One taught me love One taught me pain, despair and patience One taught me hope "
"Spyro continues screaming as the only thing he could feel was pain as he was bleeding badly "
"Only time i feel pain is when im feelin love"
"One taught me love, one taught me patience, one taught me pain...... "
"@_cassiiidyyy_ it‚Äôs a good pain, really worth it!"
"My lower back is in so much pain. The cramps. I‚Äôm putting a face mask on during my break and blasting fantasy by Ma‚Ä¶ "
"@lavender_n_lace BRUH someone else who feels my pain!"
"Nobody's gonna love you if you can't display, a way to capture this. Nobody's gonna hold your hand and guide you th‚Ä¶ "
"you've touched me  human experience to feel pain  i live  I've lost   i shrink inside    - rupi kaur"
"@ayomikun__ Not my pain girl  Just tryna be straight"
"Some pain will always find its way to the surface, No matter how deep you bury them."
"one taught me love  on taught me patience one taught me pain "
"Blaming the #Parkland kids for being engaged and active?  Should they have forgotten the pain and anger that fueled‚Ä¶ "
"@Drag0nsVsPed0s @WEtchason @Dawn_DeMore1 This kid would have passed out from the pain and mental shock well before this point. Fake."
"\"Thank u, next\" is the most relatable song, except for the fact that my love, patience, and pain were definitely in a different order Ì†æÌ¥∑‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è"
"Why are so many women who suffer with pain due to endometriosis experiencing such a long delay in diagnosis? Someti‚Ä¶ "
